You know that what I do is write for children, and in fact, I'm probably the author for children, more reading in the United States.
And I always tell people I don't want to look like a scientist.
I can dress it as a farmer or leather clothes, and no one has chosen an agriculture.
I'm here today to talk about circles and epiphanies.
And you know that an epidemic generally is something that you fall in some place.
You just have to go back to the apple to see it as an epiphany.
That's the painting of a circle.
A friend of mine did that -- Richard Bolland.
It's the kind of complicated circle that I'm going to talk about.
My circle started in the '60s in the middle school, in Story, Ohio.
When they hit to bleeding every week in the children's bathroom, until a teacher saved me life.
She saved my life by allowing me to go into the teacher room.
He did it in secret.
For three years.
I had to go from the city.
I had a player, and 85 dollars, and I ended up in San Francisco, California -- I found a lover -- and in the '80s, I felt the need to start working on organizations that fought against AIDS.
About three or four years ago, halfway in the night I got a phone call of that teacher -- the lady Post he said, "I need to see.
I am designed that we never get to know us.
You could come to Ohio and please bring that man I know you've found.
And I have to tell you that I have pancreatic cancer, and I'd like you to join this please."
Well, the next day we were in Cleveland, right?
We went to see, we laugh, we cry, and we realized that she needed to be hospitalized.
We found a place, we tried it, and we took care of it, and we got rid of his family, because it was necessary.
It's something we knew how to do.
And as the woman who wanted to know as an adult came to me, became a box of line and was put in my hands.
And what happened was that the circle had been closed, it had become a circle -- and that epiphany that I told you was made in itself.
The epidemic is that death is part of life.
She saved my life, my partner and I save the one.
And you know that that part of life needs everything that the rest of life.
It needs truth and beauty, and I'm very happy that today I talked a lot about this.
It also needs dignity, love and pleasure, and it's our work to provide those things.
Thank you.
As an artist, the connection is very important for me.
Through my work, I'm trying to express that humans are not separate from nature and that everything is interconnected.
I was for the first time to Antarctica about 10 years ago, and I saw my first taxes.
I was amazed.
My heart hair fast, I was searched, trying to understand what was in front of me.
The shots around me would go out of the water almost 60 feet -- and I couldn't even think that it was a snow of snow on another nine year after year.
The taxos are born when they get rid of the glaciers or they break the ice bars.
Every iceberg has its own individual personality.
They have a different way of interacting with their environment and their experiences.
Some people refuse to slow down and go down to the end, while others can't support it more and fall down into a dramatic amount of passion.
It's easy to think, when you see a tax, that are isolated separate and alone, largely as we see us sometimes as humans.
But reality is all the opposite.
As a iceberg melts, I'm breathing his ancestral atmosphere.
As a eardrum melts, it releases rich fresh water in minerals that feeds many forms of life.
I am approached to photograph these tanks as if it was about the portraits of my ancestors, knowing that in these unique moments there are that way and won't exist to exist that way again.
It's not death when they melt -- it's not an end, but a continuation of its way through the cycle of life.
Part of the iceberg of the taxes that photography is very young -- it has a couple of thousands of years.
And another part of the ice has over 100,000 years.
The last pictures I would like to show you are from a iceberg that photographed in Kevelite, Greenland.
It's very often to be able to actually present a whole task task.
Here they are.
You can see on the left a little boat.
It's about five meters.
And I'd like you to pay attention to the shape of the iceberg and your flight line.
You can see here, it starts rolling down, the ship has moved to the other side, and the man is standing there.
This is a three-dimensional task, average size.
It comes out of the water about 120 feet or 40 feet.
This video is in real time.
And so also, the iceberg shows a different side of its personality.
Thank you.
I want you to imagine two couples in 1979, the same day, exactly at the same time, every one of the concepts a baby.
So, two couples each one with a baby.
I don't want you to stop too much in the details of consciousness, because if you stop thinking about conception, you won't pay attention.
Let's think about that for a moment.
And in this stage I want you to imagine that, in a case, the chromosome and the sperm is joined to the X chromosome of the egg.
And in the other case, the X share of the sperm joined the X chromosome of the egg.
They both learn and start life.
We'll talk about them later.
And in my ground activity will take two roles.
In one of my roles I work with the history of anatomy.
I'm a training history and what I study in this case is the way people love the anatomy -- that -- of human and animal bodies, how they have considered body fluid, the idea of the body, what they have thought about the body.
The other role that I put in my work is an activist, as a patient designer, or as I say sometimes, some impact of people who are medical patients.
In this case, I've worked with people whose physical features defy social norms.
I've been working on, for example, with similar twins, two people inside a body.
I've worked with people with fundamentalists, much lower than average.
And I've worked with a lot of people with application sex, individuals whose physical psychology doesn't fit in the male schemes and the conventional females.
In general lines, we can call it interview.
Institution adopted many ways.
I'm going to put some examples in ways of having a sex that doesn't look at male or female forms.
For example, there is the case of the individual with cosmic common where the SRS gene of the chromosome and tells the protests, that we all have in the federal life, they become testing.
And then, in the federal life, the testicles produce testosterone.
But because this individual lacks of testosterone, the body doesn't react to the same.
It's the syndrome of inspiration to the angers.
So, there are high teams of testosterone, but without reaction.
As a consequence, the body develops following a typically female course.
When it's born, the baby has a little girl.
It's a girl. It's raised as a girl.
And often, it's not until puberty, when it's growing and developing the sensors, but it doesn't have the menstrual period, when someone realizes something is happening.
After making it tests you realize that instead of having ovarian and uterus actually has testicles and a chromosome.
The important thing to understand is that you can think it's a man, but it's actually not.
Women, like men, have in the body something called super-controlled glands.
They're in the back of the body.
The supernovain glands produce angers, the hormone hormone.
Most women like me -- I consider a typical woman, I don't know its cosmic structure, I think being a typical woman most women like me are sensitive to angers.
We produce angers and we respond to the organs.
As a consequence, someone like me has the most exposed brain to the analysis than the woman who was born with testicles who have the syndrome of institution to the angers.
So sex is a complicated thing. It's not that the investors are in the middle of the spectrum -- in some ways they can be everywhere.
Another example: a few years ago I got a call from a 19-year-old boy born and raised as various, he had girlfriend, and sexual relationships with her, he had a life like a boy and I just discovered that I had ovarian and word.
It had an extreme form of a known disease as a benign superconductor control.
He had the 20th and the surface glands that were so active that essentially they created a male hormone environment.
As a consequence, their genetics were manipulated, their brain was exposed to the typically male hormone component.
I was born with kids -- no one suspected anything.
And it was at the age of 19, when I started having medical problems caused by internal mentoring, when doctors discovered that, in fact, it was woman inside.
Well, another quick example of an interview case.
Some people with the 20th are developing what is known as objects, which is to say, they have ocean tissue wrapped into a particular tissue.
We don't know why it happens.
So, there are many varieties of sex.
The reason why children with these kinds of bodies are -- they are working, similar twins, or investors -- they are subjected to normal surgery is not to be able to get from a better physical health.
In many cases, people are perfectly healthy.
The reason why you take several surgeries is that they're a threat for our social categories.
The system is normally based on the idea that a particular anatomy brings a particular identity.
We have the idea that being woman is to have female identity, supposed to be black, means to have African anatomy in historical terms.
A terribly simplistic idea.
And when you present a body that shows something quite different, we have problems with catastrophic.
So we have very romantic ideas in our culture about individuals.
Our nation is based on a very romantic concept.
Imagine how amazing it is to have kids who are born as two people inside a body.
The most terrifying case is last year with the South African Corner Carson Seattle, and he put his sex in the International Gathering games.
A lot of journalists called to ask, "What are you going to do to determine if Casey Semnan is man or woman?"
And I had to explain to the journalists that there is no such test.
In fact, we now know that sex is so complicated that we have to admit that nature does not bring a line between men and women or between men and investors and investors and investors and international and international ones.
So what we have is a situation where the more science advances, the more we have to admit that these categories -- we thought they were stable anatomic categories that are running directly with stable identity categories -- are much more diffuse than we thought.
And not only in terms of sex.
Also in terms of race, something that turns out much more complicated than the terminology allows us.
As we see, we get in a strange terrain.
So look, for example, the fact that we share at least 95 percent of DNA with chimpanzees.
What would we expect in the fact of the fact that they are in just a few nuclear?
And as we do progress in science we get more and more in an uncomfortable area where we need to recognize that the simplistic categories that we deal with is probably too simplistic.
And we're looking at this in all the realm of human life.
One of them, for example, in our current culture, in the United States today, are the struggles at the beginning and the end of life.
It's hard to take a moment from which a body becomes human tourism, and it has different rights to the ones of the philosophers.
There are very tight discussions today -- maybe not in public -- but I know within medicine -- what someone is considered to be dead.
Our ancestors never had to come up with this question of whether someone was dead.
As a lot of them put a pen in front of the nose, and if it moved still didn't bury it.
If I stopped moving it out.
But today, for example, extract vital organs from a body and put them in another body.
And as a consequence, we need to face the dilemma of really determining somebody's death, and this puts us in a difficult situation where we don't have the simple categories of the past.
And maybe you think that this explosion of categories could be added to somebody like me.
So in politics I'm a progressive, I will tell people with unusual bodies, but I have to admit that I get nervous.
To tell you that these categories are much more unstable.
Think of the concept of the concept of democracy.
And to tell you about this tension first of all, I have to admit that I am a dress fervent from the parents Fores.
I know they were racist -- I know they were sexually, but they were big.
I mean, they were so brave and subtle and so radical in what they did -- that I found me every single time looking at that music was "Commentation" and not for the music, which is totally passionate.
This is why it happened in 1776 with the Foundation parents.
The founding fathers were, for me, the first activists of the anatomy and explains why.
What they rejected was an anatomical concept and they replaced it with another one that was radical and beautiful and kept for 200 years.
And as everyone remembers what our parents were rejected was the idea of the monarchy -- the monarchy was based on a very simplistic concept of anatomy.
The monsters of the old world didn't know the DNA, but they had clear the idea of the right birth.
They had the concept of blue blood.
They were the idea that it was coming to political power for the right blood right of the grandfather to father, and then the son, etc.
The Foundation fathers rejected that idea and replaced it by a new anatomical concept, and that concept was that all men are created equal.
They lived the game field and decided that the anatomy that mattered was the common anatomy and not the animal differences -- that was a very radical thing.
Part of them were doing because they were part of an illustrate system where two things were being spent.
The democracy was secretly, and at the same time I was born science.
And it remains very clear, if we look at the history of the Foundation parents, that many were very interested in science and the idea of a natural world.
They were spreading out of supernatural explanations and therefore rejected the concept of supernatural power transmitted because of an idea of a very big birth.
They were moving towards a natural concept.
And if we look, for example, the Declaration of Independence, they talk about nature and the god of nature.
They don't talk about God and the nature of God.
They talk about the power of nature to tell us who we are.
And in consequence were being transmitted by the idea of anatomic coincidence.
And by doing so, they were sitting at the foundations of the Civil Rights movement.
They didn't think about it, but they did it for us, and it was great.
And what happened next?
And women translated.
And then he came the success of the Civil Rights Movement with people from Solar Triangalog who said, "I'm not a woman?"
We found men in the rows of the Civil Rights movement saying, "I'm a man."
Again, color people who went into the anatomic choice about the anatomical difference and again, they translated.
We see the same with the movement of disability.
The problem is, of course, that as we look at the comics we have to start asking why we keep certain divisions.
But attention, I want to keep some of the anti-portraits in our culture.
For example, I don't want to give a fish the same rights as a human.
I don't want to say that we should lie to the anatomy to the anatomy.
I don't want to say that the five years of five would be allowed to have sexual relationships or married.
There are some of the anti-portraits that for me to make sense and I think we should keep it.
But the challenge is to try to figure out what they are, why to keep them and if they make sense.
Well, let's go back to those two beings in the beginning of this talk.
We have two beings -- both consumers in 1979 exactly the same day.
Let's imagine that one of them, Mary was born three months before time.
Henry, on the contrary, was born in terms of March 1, 1980.
By the fact that I had been born three months before Mary is attributed all the rights three months before Henry -- the right to sexual consent, the right to vote, the right to drink.
Henry has to wait for all of that not because it has a different biological age, but because it was born later.
We found other regions in relation to their rights.
Henry, in virtue of being considered men -- although I haven't told you if it's NASA, in virtue of being considered to be a man now is possible from the mandatory endeavor that Mary doesn't have to worry about.
Mary of course, it doesn't have the same rights to marriage that Henry in all states, for example.
Henry can marry all the states with a woman, but Mary can marry a woman just in some states.
So they still have animal categories that in many ways are problematic and questionable.
And now the question is, what do we do now that science advanced so much in the field of anatomy that we get to the point of having to admit that a based democracy in anatomy could be deprived?
I don't want to quit science, but at the same time sometimes I feel like science is taken off.
Where are we going?
What happens in our culture is kind of a pragmatic attitude -- "Well, we have to bring the line somewhere, so we're going to do it."
But a lot of people are trapped in a rare position.
For example, Texas at a certain time has decided that to marry a man you don't have to have chromosomes and to marry with a woman you have to have chromosomes and ...
Now, in practice they don't make the food tests to people.
But this is also very strange given the story that I told you at the beginning of the sensitivity syndrome.
If we look at one of the founding fathers of modern democracy, Dr. Martin Luther King, in his speech, "I have to give a solution.
He says we should judge people based on the color of their skin, but in the content of their correction, going beyond anatomy.
And I want to say, "Yes, the idea looks very good."
But in practice, how do you do?
How do we judge people based on the content of their character?
I also want to point out that I'm not sure that we should be based on this to guarantee rights to people, because I have to admit that I know some of some residents that probably deserve the social services that some humans I know.
I also want to say that maybe some collaborators that I know can make more informed decisions, smart and mature decisions about their sexual relationships than I know.
So how do you put the issue of the control content.
It turns out very hard.
And one part of me was wondering what would happen if the character of a person could in the future being measured with an instrument, maybe with a magnetic MRI.
Do we really want to get to that point?
I'm not sure where we go.
What I know is that it seems to be very important that the United States continue to guide this current thinking of thinking about democracy.
We've done a good job in defense of democracy, and I think we'll make a good job in the future.
We don't live, for example, in a context like the Iranian in which a man who feels attracted by other men is susceptible to be killed, unless it's willing to join a sex change, in which case they are allowed to live.
We're not in that situation.
I'm glad to say that we don't have a context like a surgeon that I talked about a couple of years ago that he had made light twin to then separate them and then get their fame up.
But when the phone asked the reason for the operation -- it was a very risky operation, it responded to me that in that other country, these kids would be very sharp and therefore I had to do it.
What I said, "Well, have you considered the political asylum instead of the surgery surgery?"
The United States offers huge possibilities to people who are not without forcing them to change for the good of the state.
So I think we have to be in the head.
Well, to end up I mean I've been talking a lot about the parents.
And I want to think about what democracy would be, or as it might have been, if we were given greater participation to the mothers.
And I want to say something a little bit radical for a feminist -- and that is that I think there can be different ideas from different anatomic technologies, particularly if there are people thinking about groups.
For years, since I've been interested in interview, I've also been interested in researching sexual difference.
And one of the things that I've been interested in is the differences between men and women in the way we think and operate in the world.
And what we know about the dramatic studies is that women, on average, not all, but in average, tend to pay more attention to complex social relationships and to occupy those who are vulnerable inside the group.
And if we think about that, we have an interesting situation in our hands.
So years ago, when I was in the passenger, one of my advisers I knew I was interested in the feminist -- I was considered for feminist -- as I now made a strange plant.
"Tell me what female females."
And I thought, "It's the most silly question I've ever heard.
Feminism has to do with reducting gender stereotypes, so there's nothing female in feminist."
But the more I think about the question, the more I have seemed to me that there is something female in feminism there.
I mean, there might be something, in average, something different between the female brain and the male that makes us more attention to complex social relationships and willing to help the most vulnerable.
So if the parents were very keen to find a way to protect people from the state, it's possible that, to have injected more mothers to this concept, perhaps we would have enriched the concept of protection with the reciprocal support.
And maybe that's what we have to do in the future when we take democracy beyond anatomy, thinking less in the individual body, in terms of identity, and thinking more about relationships.
So as we try to create a more perfect Union, we think about what we do for each other.
Thank you.
In 2007, I decided we had to rethink how we think about economic development.
Our new goal should be that when each family thinks where they want to go live and work, have the possibility to choose at least a handful of different cities that are competing to attract new residents.
Well, right now, we're far away from that goal.
There are billions of people in developing countries that don't count with a single city willing to get them.
But the amazing thing about cities is that they are worth much more than their construction cost.
So we could easily give the world tens of, maybe hundreds of new cities.
Well, this can sound absurd if they've never thought about new cities.
But just replace it for apartment buildings.
Imagine that half of those who wanted to live in apartments were already prone and that the other half you still need to do it.
You could try to increase the ability by making apples in all existing buildings.
But you know that the problem they face is that those buildings and areas around them have rules to avoid the colors and the distractions of construction.
So it would be very hard to do all those ambitions.
But they could go to a totally new place, build a whole new apartment building, always and when the rules of that place facilitate construction instead of putting it out.
So I proposed that governments create new enough reform zones to contain cities and gave them a name, little cities.
I later learned that roughly at the same time, Japan and October were thinking about the challenge of reform Honduras.
They knew that every year about 75,000 lines would come out of their country to go to the United States, and they wanted to ask what they could do to make sure that those people could stay and do those same things in Honduras.
In the summer of 2009, I went through a desperate constitutional crisis.
In the next regular elections, Pete Lood is widely imposed with a platform where it promises reforms and at the same time.
He asked Occasion to be her head of gap.
Meanwhile, I was preparing to give a talk at TEDTalk.
Through a process of perfection, trial and error and a lot of evidence with users, tried to reduce this complicated concept of cities under their most essential ideas.
The first point was the importance of the norms, like those rules that say that you can't go and bother all the current residents of apartments.
We pay a lot of attention to new technologies, but you need both of the technologies like standards to progress -- and usually it's the rules that prevent us forward.
In the fall of 2010, a friend of Guatemala.
I showed it to Japan.
They called me.
They said, "Let's try this to the leaders of our country."
So in December we met in Miami in a hotel conference room.
I tried to explain to you this point about how valuable cities are, much more valuable than their monetary cost.
And I used this image that shows the value of the land in a place like New York -- see, land that, in some cases, worth thousands of dollars per square meter.
But it was a pretty abstract discussion and at some point, when there was a pause -- October said, "Paul, maybe we could see the TEDTalk video of the TEDTalk.
And the talk described in very simple terms that a city under status is a place where you start with depleted land, a status that specifies the rules that will apply there and an option so that people can choose if they want to go under those rules.
So the president of Holdmanks called me, and he told me that we had to do this project, this is important, this could be the path for our own advanced country.
He asked me to go to Telescope and talk again four and five of January.
So I presented another talk full of data, which included an image like this, which was trying to explain that to generate a lot of value to a city, it has to be very big.
This is a picture of Dennethy, and the white line is the new airport that was built in Dennet.
Only this airport covers over 100 square miles.
So I was trying to convince the heads that to build a new city, you have to start with a site that measured at least 1,000 square miles.
That's over 100,000 acres.
Everybody completely applaud off.
The public faces were very serious and attention.
The leader leader came to the platform and said, "Professor Ruma, thank you very much for your talk, but maybe you could see the TEDTalk video.
I have this in my computer."
So I sat down and showed the TEDTalk.
And this explained the essential thing, that a new city can offer new choices for people.
There would be a choice of a city that you could go to be in Holds, rather than hundreds of miles away from the north.
And it would also include new options for leaders.
Because the leaders of the Holdmank of Holds would need help of associated countries, they could benefit from the countries associated with them to help us establish and make the standards of the status so that everybody could trust that the status is effectively been done.
We went and we saw a site.
This picture is there.
It could easily be about a thousand square miles.
And shortly later, on January 19, they voted in Congress to send their Constitution and add a constitutional device that allowed to create these special development regions.
In a country that just passed through this painful crisis, the vote in Congress in favor of this constitutional exam was 124 to one.
All the parties in society, they shredded it.
To be involved in the Constitution, you have to take two times in Congress.
On February 17th, again in another voting vote from 112 to one.
Immediately after the vote, 21 to February 24, a delegation of about 30 lengths went to the two places in the world that are more interested in participating in cities.
One of them is South Korea.
This is a picture of a new big center of the city that's being built in South Korea, it's bigger than the Boston center.
Everything you see there was in four years, after they spent four years getting the permission.
The other country interested in building cities is Singapore.
In fact, two cities have been built in China and they're preparing for a third.
And if you think about this practical way, this is the point where we are.
They have a website, and they're already thinking about a site for the second city.
They're preparing a legal system that would allow the administrators to come, and at the time it would allow them to operate under an external legal system.
A country has been committed to allow its Supreme Court to be the ultimate institution for this new court system.
There are structures and construction of cities that are very interested in the project.
They can even get some funding.
But the only thing we know has already solved is that they have a good number of inhabitants.
There are many companies that would want to install in the Americas, especially in a place with a free trade zone, and there are many people who would like to go in there.
In the world there are 700 million people who say they would like to immediately change another place.
There's a million a year that comes out of Latin America to go to the United States.
Many of them are parents who have to leave their family to go and get a job, sometimes they're single mothers who have to earn money for just eating or buying clothing.
Unfortunately, sometimes even kids are trying to meet their parents who haven't seen in some cases, in a decade.
So what does it look like in building a new city in Hondino?
Or build a dozen of these, or a hundred of these all over the world?
What does it look like to think about insisting so that families can choose between various cities that are competing to attract new residents?
This is an idea worth spreading.
And my Indian friends asked me to say, "Thank you TED.
I'm Jesse and this is my value.
But before you show you what's inside, I'm going to make a public conference, and it's that, I live obsessed with the suit.
I love to find, dress, and more recently, photograph and publish in my blog broken and colored and different for each time.
But I don't buy anything new.
All my clothes is a second hand of mushrooms and the second hand stores.
Oh, thank you.
The second hand stores allow me to reduce the impact of my shark in the environment and in my bill.
I get to know interesting people, usually my money goes to a good cause, and my way is unique, and buying it into my personal search search for testing.
I mean, what am I going to find today?
Is it going to be from my street?
Would I like the color, right?
cost less than 20 dollars?
If all the answers are positive, then I feel that I've won.
Going back to my value, I want to tell you what I packaged for this exciting week at TED.
I mean, what do you bring someone who has all that clothing?
So I'm going to show you exactly what I suit.
I've brought seven pairs of inner clothes, and nothing else.
Interesting clothes for exactly a week is everything I've put in my value.
I imagine it would be able to find everything else I wanted to use after getting here to Palm Streets.
And because they don't know me as the woman who walked by TED in inner clothes,  that means I found some things.
And I'd like to show you now for this week.
Doesn't it sound interesting.
As I do, I'm also going to tell you some of the lessons of life that I believe or not, I've learned in this adventure of not using new clothes.
Let's start with Sunday.
I call this a bright tiger ton.
You don't have to spend a lot of money to see good.
You can almost see a phenomenal for less than 50 dollars.
All the state, including the chair, it costs me 25, and it's the most expensive thing I've used in the week.
Moorers: color is energy.
It's almost physiologically impossible to be of bad humor, when you're seeing a bright red screen.
If you're happy, you're going to attract other happy people.
Mars. integration is superity.
I've spent a lot of time in life trying to be myself and at the same time.
I just know yourself.
If you surround the right people, you're not just going to understand you, you'll appreciate you.
Music: Nice of the child that you carry inside.
Sometimes people tell me that it seems to play the distractions, or I remind them for their little seven years.
I like to submit and say, "Thank you.
(Audience: The trust is key.
If you think you see it well with something, it's almost safe that you are.
And if you think you don't see it well with something, it's probably true.
My mother taught me this day after day.
But it wasn't until the age of 30 that I really understood his meaning.
And I'm going to explain it in a few seconds.
If you think you're a beautiful person in your inner and outside, there's no look at you that you can't attract you.
So there's no excuse for anyone in this audience.
We should be able to achieve everything we want to achieve.
Thank you.
Vercess: A universal truth six words for you: The golden lines go with everything.
And finally, I will develop a personal style of self-interest and only a great way to tell the world something about you without having to say a word.
I've tried it over and over again when people approached me this week simply by what I was using, and we had fantastic conversations.
Obviously all of this is not going to enter my little value.
So before I go home, Brooklyn, I'm going to donate everything.
Because the lesson I'm trying to learn this week is that you have to leave behind certain things.
I don't need to commit to these things, because around the corner of the corner, there will always be another crazy suit, colorful and brilliant spinning out, if there is a little love in my heart and search for.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
This is a representation of your brain that we can split in two parts.
The left side, which is the logic part, and the right side, which is the intuitive part.
So if we use a scale to measure the approach of every hemisphere, we could design a blueprint of our brain.
For example, this would be somebody who's completely logical one.
This would be somebody who's totally intuitive.
So where do you put your brain on this scale?
Some of these are going to be able to choose for one of these extremes -- but I think for most of the integration of this audience, their brain is something like this -- with a big attitude in both historics at the same time.
It's not that they are mutually exclusive.
You can be logical and intuitive.
I consider one of those people, which just like most other experimental quantum physicists, we need a lot of logical to conquer these complicated ideas.
But at the same time, we need a lot of intuition to make experiments really work.
How do we develop this intuition, well, we like to play with things.
We're going to play with them and then we see how they react to it, and then we developed our intuition from that point.
And actually, you do the same thing.
And some intuition that you can have developed with the years is the one that says that one thing can be only in one place at a time.
I mean, it can sound weird to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time, but you weren't born with this notion -- they developed it.
I remember looking at a kid playing in a parking bar.
It was a small child, and he didn't do it very well, always fell down.
But I bet the play with that parking bar taught him a valuable lesson, and it is that big things don't allow them to transport them, and they stay in a place.
This is a great conceptual model that you can have in the world, except you are a particle physicist.
It would be a terrible model for a particle physicist, because they don't play with parking bars -- they play with these strange little particles.
And when they play with their particles, they discover that they do all kinds of really rare things -- like they can attract walls, or they can be in two different places at the same time.
And then they wrote all these observations and they called the quantum mechanics theory.
At that point the physics was a few years ago, you needed the quantum mechanics to describe those little particles.
But you didn't need it to describe the big objects around us every day.
That didn't fit very well to my intuition, and maybe it's because I don't play very often with particles.
Well, sometimes games with them, but not a lot.
And I've never seen them.
I mean, I never saw a particles.
But it didn't fit my logical part.
Because if everything is made out of small particles and all the small particles follow the principles of quantum mechanics, then shouldn't it all follow the principles of quantum mechanics.
I don't find the reason why it shouldn't be.
And so I would feel much better if I could somehow demonstrate that a common object also follow the principles of quantum mechanics.
That's why a few years ago, I proposed to do exactly that.
And I did.
This is the first object you can see that has been in a quantum mechanics.
What we see here is a little computer chip.
And you can try to see the green dot right in the middle.
That's the piece of metal I'm going to talk about in a minute.
This is a picture of the object.
And here I'm going to extend it a little bit. It's right in the center.
And then here we do a good approach to the little metal trick.
What we see is a little piece of metal, with the form of transportation, and it's going to be supported in a platform.
And then I did this almost the same way you would do a computer chip.
I went to a clean room with a new silicon chip chip and I put all the big machines for about 100 hours.
For the last material, I had to build my own machine -- to make this contract in a form of national pillar that is under the device.
This device has the ability to be in a quantum superconductor, but for it needs a little bit of help.
Let me make an analogy.
You know how uncomfortable it is to be in an elevator full of people.
I mean, when I'm in an elevator alone, I do all kinds of weird things, but then when other people go up stop doing those things, because I don't want them to bother them, or actually, sticking.
Quantum mechanics says that inanimate objects behave in the same way.
The travel companies of the inanimate objects are not just people, it's also the light that shines it and the wind that happens on its side and heat of the room.
So we knew that if we wanted this goal of metal to behave according to quantum mechanics, we would have to push all the other passengers out.
And that's what we did.
We turned out the lights, then we introduced a vacuum and we extract all the air, and then we face it to a temperature of less than a degree above absolute zero.
Now, when it's just in the elevator -- the little piece of metal is free to act as it wants.
So we measured their movements.
We discovered that it moved in very strange ways.
Instead of being perfectly style, I was vibrating -- and the way that he was vibrating was like a breath like this -- as a fly that expands and contract.
And by giving you a soft puzzle, we could make it vibrating and not vibrating at the same time -- something that only happens with quantum mechanics.
So what I'm telling you is something really fantastic.
What does it mean that one thing vibrating and not vibrating at the same time?
Let's think about atoms.
In one case, all the trillion atoms that make that metal piece of metal are still, and at the same time that same atoms are moving up and down.
It's just in a certain point when those are lined up.
The rest of time are accepted.
It means that every atom is in two different places at the same time, which means the whole piece of metal is in two different places.
I think this is great.
Seriously.
It was worth getting into a clean room to do this for all those years, because, look at this, the scale difference between a single atom and that metal piece is more or less the same as the difference between that piece of metal and you.
So if a single atom can be in two different places at the same time, and that metal piece can be in two different places, why not you too?
I mean, it's my logical part of it.
So imagine if they were in several places at the same time, what would that be?
How do you act your consciousness if your body was developed in space?
There's another part of the story.
And it's when we heat it, and we turn out the lights and look inside the box, we saw that the metal kept there in a single piece.
And I could get to this new intuition, apparently all of the objects in the elevator actually only are quantum objects that are just done in a little space.
You hear a lot about that quantum mechanics claims that everything is interconnected.
Well, that's not so true.
It's more than that, it's deeper.
It's that those connections, your connections to all the things that surround you, literally define who you are. And that's the profound richness of quantum mechanics.
Thank you.
My name is Aristotle.
And 18 months ago I did another job in Google, until I launched the idea of doing something related to museums and art to my boss who is here and that allowed me to take it out.
It took me 18 months.
A lot of negotiations and stories, I assure you, with 17 very interesting museums of nine countries.
But I'm going to focus on it.
There are a lot of stories about why we did.
I think my own story is simply explained in this slide, and this is the access.
I grew up in India.
I went from a great education -- I didn't complain to me, but I didn't have access to many of these museums and artwork.
So when I started traveling and going to museums. I started learning a lot.
And working in Google, I try to actually make the desire to make it more accessible by technology.
So we formed a team, a big team of people, and we started doing it.
The better that I show you the demo to then explain to you a couple of interesting things that we've been carrying out from its launch.
So just simply, let's go to George.
Look around all the museums that there are.
It's the Fold gallery -- the Momanny, the Earth, the Rads, the Van Google.
I actually go into one of my favorites, to Mexico, the New York Art Museum in New York.
There are two ways to do it -- very simple.
We click and father, we are already inside of the museum.
No matter where you are, Bombar or Michael, that doesn't really matter.
You move around and get fun.
Do you want to navigate the museum?
We open the flat up, and with a single click, we jump in.
They're inside, you want to go at the end of the hall.
Go ahead. Get them."
Explore.
Thank you, but I haven't come to the best.
Now I'm in front of one of my favorite paintings, "The Britain Britain Britain at the Metropolitan Pete.
I see the sign B.
If the museum shows the image, we click there.
Look, this is one of the images.
Here's all the data data.
For those of you who are really interested in art, you can click there, but I'm going to click here right now.
And this is one of the images that we've captured in what we call the graphic technology.
So this image for example, I think, I think, about 10 million pills.
And there are many people who ask me, "What do you get with 10,000 million legs?"
So I'm going to show you what you really get about 10 million piles.
You can zoom around a very simple way.
You see fun things that are happening.
I love this guy, his expression has no price.
But if you really wish to defend.
So I started playing, and I found something that happened there.
And I said, "A moment, this seems interesting.
I walked in, and I discovered that kids were actually playing something.
I was a little bit, I talked to some people from the Metropolitan Metropolitan, and I actually discovered that this is a game called "unclear] that is in hitting an eye with a stick on the Carrot Mars.
And apparently it was very popular.
I don't know why they did it, but I've learned something about it.
And now we're going to get even deeper in depth and see that you can actually get to the cracks.
Now just to give you a little bit of perspective, I'm going to take the image, so you'll see what there is.
This is where we were, and this is the painting.
The best is to come, a second.
So now we're going to go back again to the MoMA in New York.
Here's another favorite, "The night state."
The example I showed was to find details.
But what if you want to see the peers?
And if you want to see how Van Gogh actually created this master work?
I increase it and really do it.
I go to one of my favorite parts in this painting, and I'm really going to get to the cracks.
This is the "East night -- I think I'd never seen it before.
I'm going to show you another one of my favorite functions.
There are many things here, but I don't have time to show you.
This is the really cool part. It's called collections."
All of you, absolutely everyone, doesn't matter whether you're rich or poor, or if you have a manipulation, that's the same.
You can online to create your own museum, create your own collection from all these images.
It's very simple, we go in, -- I've created this function that I call "The Power of the Computer, and we just made a zoo around.
It's about "The Nations in the National Gallery of London.
You can swim things, send things to your friends and keep a conversation about what you feel when you look at these masterpieces teachers.
So in conclusion, I think that for me, the main thing is that all incredible things don't really come from Google.
No, in my opinion, even don't come from museums either.
Maybe I shouldn't say this.
They actually come from those artists.
And that has been my humble experience with this.
I mean, I hope that in this digital medium to make it justice to its art work, and it's represented properly online.
And the big question that you do today is -- you did this to repeat the experience of going to a museum?
And the answer is no.
It's to supplement the experience.
And that's it. Thank you.
Thank you.
Good afternoon.
I have something to show you.
Think it's a pile, a flying pile.
In our lab we call it sensitive design.
I'm going to tell you a little bit about this.
If you look at this picture. I'm from Italian origin, all the kids in Italy grow up with this picture on the wall of its bedroom. But the reason I show you this is that it has happened very interesting in Francisco 1 in the last two decades.
A few time ago, if you wanted to win a Francisco one, I took a budget and I applied it to a good pilot and a good car.
And if the car and the pilot was good enough, you won the race.
This is what in engineering is called real time system.
It's essentially a system that has two components, a sensor and an accident.
Now what's interesting is that control systems in real time are starting to enter our lives.
Our cities, in the last few years, have been covered with networks and electronics covered in the last few years.
They're becoming computers on the open.
And, as such, they're starting to respond differently, and they can be detected and accessible.
Adaptabilizing cities is a big thing.
As a note I wanted to mention that cities are only two percent of the planet's cortex but represent 50 percent of the world's population.
75 percent of energy consumption -- and to 80 percent of the CO2 emissions.
If we could do something with cities, it would be a big thing.
Beyond cities, all these detections and activists are entering our everyday objects.
This is from an exhibition of Palm Antaronity for the end of the year at MoMA, during the summer.
It's called "Talk Tom Metrover: No.
Well, our objects, the environment, start to talk about.
In a way, it's like almost all the existing atoms become sensors and activists.
And that's completely changing.
In a sense, it's almost like in the old dream of Michael Greek.
You know, when Michelangelo scanned the Mothers, he says that at the end he took the hammer, and he took it to the Moses --  -- you can still see a little sick underneath -- and he said screaming, "Did you get a little bit of a little bit?
Well, today, for the first time, our environment starts to talk about.
And I'm going to show you just a few examples, and I'm looking at the idea of capturing the environment and action.
Let's start with detection.
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects in our lab.
This was four and a half years ago in Italy.
It was a summer with luck in 2006.
It was the year that Italy won the World Cup of the world.
Maybe some of you remember it, played Italy and France, and in the end, Kiribati gave your head.
And anyway, at the end won Italy.
Now let's see what happened that day looking at the activity happening in the network.
Here we see the city.
You see the collision in the middle and the Terry River.
It's the morning, before the game.
The time line is at the top.
On the early evening there are people over here, and there are called calls -- moving.
It starts the party, silence.
Gold de France.
The entrepreneur, people do a quick call and goes to the bathroom.
Second time. End of the regulatory.
First additional time, second.
Zireculter, and at a moment, the head.
Ganglood Italy, yeah.
That night everyone went to celebrate the center.
There you see the big peak.
The next day everyone was at the center of the winning team and the first minister of then.
And then everybody went down.
You see the image of the place called Circula Massachuse where, from the romantic time, people are going to celebrate. It's a big party, you can see the peak at the end of the day.
This is just an example of how we can measure the city pulse in a way that we couldn't do just a few years ago.
Another quick example of detection -- it's not about people, but things we use and consume it.
We know all about the procedure of our objects.
This is a map that shows all the chips that make a Mac, how they assemble it.
But we know very little about where things go.
So in this project we developed a few small tags to track the trash in their spread for the system.
We started with a few volunteers that helped us in Seattle a little more than a year ago, to label what they were throwing out, different kinds of things, as you can see, things that all of them would throw out.
And then we put a little chip off, a tag and the garbage and then we started tracking it.
These are the results we get.
Participating from Seattle.
After a week.
With this information we realized that there are many infections in the system.
We can do the same thing with much less energy.
This is data that they didn't exist.
They're happening complicated things, and there's a lot of unnecessary transportation.
But the other thing we think is that if you look at every day that the cup that we carry doesn't disappear, which is still somewhere on the planet.
And that if the plastic bottle that we take one day still goes there.
And that if we show that to people, then we can promote some behavioral change.
That was the reason for the project.
My colleague at MIT, Associate Birket, could tell us a lot more about detection and many other great things we can do with that, but I wanted to go to the second part that we mentioned at the beginning, which is to take on the environment.
And the first project is something we did a couple years ago in Zarth.
It all started with a question of the city mayor that came and told us that Spain and South Europe have a beautiful tradition of water use in public spaces, in architecture.
And the question was, how can technology can, new technology, to join that?
And one of the ideas that we developed at MIT, in a workshop -- it was, imagine that they have a chaos and values, solar valves that open up and shut down.
It's created as a water corner, with snails of water.
If you stop the pixels you can write in them, show patterns, images, text.
And when you zoom in, the curtain will open up so that we can pass up, as you see in the image.
We presented this to the Bell mayor of it.
He liked it very much.
And I have a commission to design the building to the entrance of the exhibition.
We call it digital water Palestine.
The whole building is made of water.
There are no doors or windows but when you approach it it opens so that you can happen.
The roof is also covered by water.
And if there's a little bit of wind, if you want to minimize the salaries, you go down the roof.
Or you can close the building and all the architecture disappears, like in this case.
That day there will always be somebody in the winter when they go down the roof, someone who was there and he said, "Demonstrate the building."
No, it's not that they have demolished it, but when you go down almost all architecture goes away.
Here is working.
You see the intriguing people in the inside.
And here I am trying not to go to the sensors that open the water.
I think I should tell you what happened one night when all the sensors stopped working.
That night was actually even more fun.
All of the children in Zarth's came to the building, because the way to interact had changed a little bit.
It was no longer a building that would be open to let it happen, but a building that kept doing cursors and water holes and one had to jump to not will.
And for us that was very interesting because as architects, engineers, designers, we always think about the use that people will give us our designs.
But then reality is always unpredictable.
And that's the beauty of doing things to interact that people use.
This is a picture of the building with physical pixels -- the water pixels and of projections about them.
And this is what led us to think about the next project I'm going to show you.
Imagine that those pixels could start to fly.
Imagine you could have little helicopters in the air, and each one had a little pixel that changes color as if it was a cloud that moves in space.
This is the video.
Imagine a helicopter like the one we saw before, which moves with others in synchrony.
We could form this cloud.
Sort of flexible screen like this with a normal configuration in two dimensions.
Or normal -- but in three dimensions, that what changes is light, not the position of the pixels of the pixels in the time.
You can play with a different guy.
Imagine that the screen appears in different scales and sizes.
And then it could all be a cloud of pixels in 3D where you can zoom in, and you can go back, and see from very diverse angles angles.
This is the real controlled Florida, going down to form a V, like before.
When you turn light, you see this. The same thing we saw before.
Imagine each of them controlled by a person.
We can have every pixel with an entrance that comes from people, from the movement of people, etc., etc.
I want to show you something for the first time.
We've been working with Robert Boll -- one of the best ballet dancers of today, the star of the New York of New York City and the Millennium Scalin -- to capture their movements in 3D and use them as an entry for Florida.
Here we can see Robert dancing.
On the left you see the pills, the capture in different resolution.
It's both 3D digital in real time as a movement capture.
It can rebuild all the movement.
You can go all the way.
And once we have the pixels we can play with them, with color and movement, with gravity.
We want to use this as a possible entry for Florida.
I wanted to show you the last project that we're working on.
It's something for the London Olympics.
It's called the cloud.
And the idea is, imagine again, that we could engage people to do something and change our environment -- almost like a crowd of cloud -- like a grain crazy, but with a cloud.
Imagine that we could make everybody donated a little bit for a piece.
And I think the remarkable thing that has happened in the last few years is that, in the last two decades, we spend the physical world to the digital world.
We've digitized everything, like knowledge, and it's accessible through the Internet.
Today, for the first time -- and the Obama campaign showed us, we can move from the digital world, the self-organizing power of networks, to the physical world.
In our case, this may want to be used to design and make a symbol.
That would mean something built in a city.
But tomorrow can be to address the challenges of today, think about climate change or CO2 emissions -- how do you move from digital world to the physical world?
The idea is that we can make people get involved in doing this together, in a collective way.
The cloud is a cloud, again, made of pixels in the same way that the real cloud is a particle cloud.
And those particles are water, whereas in our cloud are snaps.
It's a physical structure in London, but it covered off the piles.
You can move inside, having different experiences.
You can see from below, to serve to share the main moments of the 2012 Olympics. And even more, and it can be used as a form of connection with the community.
So this is so much a physical cloud of the sky as something you can climb up, like a new top of London.
You can get there.
As if it was a new digital failure at night, but the most important thing is to be a new experience for anyone who goes to the top.
Thank you.
Would you like to be better than they are?
Suppose I told you that, with only a few changes in their genes, they could improve memory for a more precise, more accurate and faster.
Or maybe you would like to be in a better way, be stronger to have more resistance.
Would you like to be more attractive and safe of themselves.
What about living more with good health?
Or maybe they were from those people who always wanted to be more creative.
What else would you like it?
What would you like if you could choose something?
(Audience -- Collision. creativity.
How many people choose creativity?
Raise your hand. Let me see.
Times. I probably had to have the number of creative people present.
That's very good.
How many people choose the memory?
A few more.
What about the physical state.
A little less.
How about longevity.
Oh, most of that makes me feel very well as a doctor.
If you could have some of this the world would be very different.
Is it just imagination?
Or may it be possible?
Evolution has been a permanent topic here at the TED conference, but today I want to give you a picture of a doctor about the subject.
The great gene of the 20th century, Tim Dougan, who also combined in the Russian October Russia, wrote a triangle called "National Redwood makes sense of the light of evolution."
But if you effectively accept biological evolution consider this: it's just the past, or the future?
Is it about others or us?
This is another look at the tree of life.
The human part of this branch -- well at an end, it's of course, the one that interests us.
We have a common ancestor with modern chimpanzees about six or eight million years ago.
In the room there has been maybe 20 or 25 different species of humanistic.
Some of you have gone and forth.
We've been here about 130 years old.
It might seem to be very far from other parts of this tree of life, but actually, mostly the basic machinery of our cells is roughly the same.
Do you realize that we can harness and control the machinery of a common bacteria to produce the protein of human insulin that is used to treat the diabetes?
This is not like human insulin but it's the same protein, chemically indicative, where the pancreatic comes out.
And talking about bacteria -- they realize that we all have the most bacteria that we have in the rest of the body?
Maybe 10 times more.
I mean, think -- when Antonio Damas raises the automobile -- think about bacteria.
The gut is a wonderfully hospital environment for those bacteria.
It's warm -- dark, the sheet, it's very closed.
And we're going to provide all the nutrients that can want no effort of their parts.
It's really like a quick pathway for bacteria with the occasional disruption of some very powerful parents to the output.
But therefore, we are a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they're essential for our life.
They help digest essential nutrients, and they protect us from certain diseases.
But what does the future?
Are we in a kind of evolutionary balance as a species?
Or is it going to become something different, something perhaps better adapted to the environment?
In this vast influence of the universe, life on Earth is like a brief company, the animal kingdom, as one and only companies, and human life, a little bit of grace.
That was us.
And it was also the trained part of this talk, so I hope you've enjoyed it.
When I went to college I had my first kind of biology.
He was fascinated by the elegance and the beauty of biology.
I fell in love with the power of evolution, and I realized something fundamental -- in most of the existence of life, in the single-celled organisms, each cell simply divided and all the genetic energy of that cell is transmitted to two different cells.
But when the multicellular organisms appear. Things start to change.
It enters the sexual reproduction.
And something very important, with the emergence of sexual reproduction that happens the genome -- the rest of the body becomes predator.
In fact, you could say that the inevitability of death in the body comes into evolution at the same time of sexual reproduction.
I have to tell you that when I was a college student, I thought, well, sex, sex, death, sex -- it seemed pretty reasonable at that time, but with every year I was going on, I had more doubt.
I got to understand the feelings of George Burs, who still acted in Las Vegas in his 90 years.
And one night someone hit his hotel door.
He opens the door.
He's in front of him in front of him in front of him in front of him in front of him in front of him.
He looks at him and says, "Come on for a sex sex."
"It is right." He says, "George, "I choose the solar."
I realized, as a doctor, that I was working on a different aim from the goal of evolution, not necessarily controlling, just different.
I was trying to preserve the body.
I wanted us to keep us healthy.
I wanted to regain health in disease.
I wanted us to live more and more healthy.
Evolution is going to happen to the next generation, adapting and survival generation after generation.
From an evolutionary point of view, you and I are like representative rockets that are designed to send genetic charge to the next orbital level, and then let me fall to the sea.
I think we all understand the feeling of World Allen when he said, "I don't want to achieve the immortality through my work.
I want to do it not dying."
Evolution doesn't necessarily favor longevity.
It doesn't necessarily favor the bigger or the stronger or the faster and even the smartest one.
Evolution favors the best creatures to their environment.
That's the only test of survival and success.
At the bottom of the ocean the light bacteria that can survive the heat of the tumors that would produce if there were fish there, if there were fish there, yet they've managed to do that a contained environment.
So what does this mean when we look at what's happening in evolution and if we think about the place of humans in evolution, and in particular, if we look forward to the next phase -- I would say there are many possibilities.
The first is that we don't evolve.
We've reached a kind of balance.
And the underlying reasoning would be that through medicine, first of all, we've known to preserve a lot of genes that otherwise would have been downloaded and removed from the population.
And secondly, as a species, we have confirmed our environment so that we can adapt to us as we can adapt to it.
And by the way, we migrated ourselves, we circulate, and we are so sick that it's no longer possible to have the isolation necessary to make evolution happen.
A second possibility is that it has an evolution of the traditional type, natural type imposed by the forces of nature.
And the argument here would be -- that the gears of evolution wheels determination, but they're unconscious.
And in terms of the shape, when as a species we collect distant planets are going to exist the isolation and the environmental changes that can produce evolution in a natural way.
But there is a third possibility -- an attractive possibility.
The so-called necessary, the new evolution, which is not simply natural, but guided and chosen by us as individuals in the decisions we will take.
Now, how could this happen?
How could we do this?
First of all, we consider the reality that many people today, in some cultures, are making decisions about their offspring.
In some cultures, they're choosing to have more vaccines than women.
It's not necessarily good for society, but it's what's chosen at the individual and family.
Think of also that if you could be able to be able to choose not just the sex of your breath, but in your own body to make genetic adjustments to cure or prevent disease.
What if we could make genetic changes to remove diabetes or Alzheimer's or reduce the risk of cancer or remove the application?
Wouldn't they want to make those changes in their genes.
If you look at the future that kind of changes is going to be increasingly possible.
The Human Genome Project started in 1990 and 10 years old.
It cost 2.5 billion dollars.
The next year of being done, in 2004, I could do the same work for 20 million dollars in three or four months.
So today, you can get a complete sequence of the three billion base pairs of the human genome at a nearby cost to 20,000 and a week.
It's not going to fail a lot for the human genome to actually make the human genome for 1,000 and be more and more of all of them as well.
These changes.
The same technology that has produced human insulin in bacteria can make viruses that are not only going to protect us from themselves, but they're going to induce immune against other viruses.
Believe or not there is an experimental trial in course with the vaccine against growing in cells of a tobacco plant.
Can you imagine something good out of the table?
That's reality today and in the future is going to be increasingly possible.
Imagine just another two little changes.
Can you change your bodies in your bodies, but if you could change your closest cells?
What if they could change sperm and fluctuations, or change the newly fascinated flight, and give their children a better chance of a healthier life, eliminating diabetes, eliminating the hydrogen, reduce the risk of cancer?
Who doesn't want more healthy children?
And then, that same analytical technology, that same engine of science that can produce changes to prevent disease is going to allow us to also adopt specific specialists, a better memory.
Why not have the engineering of a Ken Jones especially if you could increase it with the next generation of the Wateria machine.
Why don't you have a faster muscle muscle that allowed us to run faster and more distance.
Why not live more time?
This is going to be insurance.
And when we are in conditions to go through this to the next generation and we can adopt the attributes that we wanted to have turned the evolution of before in neuroscience.
We're going to take a process that normally could take 100,000 years old, and we can compress it to 1,000 years and maybe occur within the next 100 years.
These are choices that their grandchildren, or the grandchildren of their grandchildren, are going to have to get to them.
Are we going to use these options in a better society, more successful, more considerably?
Or are we going to choose selectively different attributes that we want for some of us but not for others?
Are we going to build a society that is more boring and more uniformity or more regular and more vertical?
This is the kind of question we're going to have to face.
And the most profound thing about all: Are we going to be able to develop wisdom and to inherit the wisdom necessary to make these decisions.
For good, or for evil, and before what I could think, these choices are going to depend on us.
Thank you.
Imagine a big explosion when you're at 900 feet tall.
Imagine a plane full of smoke.
Imagine a motor doing class, close, class.
Class, close, click. It sounds scary.
Well, I had a single seat that day. I was sitting in the 12.
It was the only one I could talk to the flight assistant.
So I immediately looked at them, and they said, "There's no problem. We probably hit some birds.
The pilot had seen the plane, and we weren't so far.
You could see Manhattan.
Two minutes later, three things happened at the same time.
The pilot plays the airplane with the Hudson River.
It's usually not the route.
I turned out the motors off.
Imagine being in a plane and no noise.
And then he said three words.
The three more passionate words you've ever heard.
He said, "Pretty much the impact."
I didn't have to talk more with flight assistant.
I could see it in his eyes.
Life was finished.
I want to share with you three things that I learned about myself that day.
I learned that everything changes in a second.
We have this list of things to do before we die, these things that we want to do in life, and I thought about all the people I wanted to come in, and I didn't do it, all the fence that I wanted to repair -- all the experiences I wanted to have and never had.
As I thought about that later -- I came up with a sentence, which is, "Get bad candidates."
Because if the wine is ready, and the person is there, I'm going to open it.
I don't want to apply anything in life.
And that improvement, that purpose, really changed my life.
The second thing that I learned that day -- and this is as we came up with the George Washington Bridge -- which was not a lot -- I thought about it, God, I really feel a big weight.
I've lived a good life.
In my humanity and my mistakes I've tried to improve all I did.
But in my humanity also led to my ego.
And the time I wasted on things that didn't matter with people who matter.
And I thought about my relationship with my wife, with my friends, with people.
And then, as a measure of that, I decided to remove the negative energy of my life.
It's not perfect, but it's much better.
In two years, I haven't had a fight with my wife.
They feel wonderful.
I don't try to be right. It's going to be happy.
The third thing I learned -- and this is like your mental clock goes down, 15, 14, 13.
You see the water approaching.
I'm saying, "Please go."
I don't want this to break up in 20 pieces as you see in those documents.
And as we went down, I had the feeling of it, "Wow, die not fear.
It's almost like we've been preparing for it all of our life.
But it was very sad.
I didn't want to go. I love my life.
And that sadness was shown in a single thought, which is, just wish one thing.
I wish I could see my kids grow.
A month later, I was in an act of my daughter -- first grade -- not a lot of artistic talent --       And I scream, cry, like a little bit.
And for me, that was all the reason for being the world.
And at that point I understood that the only thing that matters in my life is to be a big father.
For all, the only goal I have in life is to be a good father.
I was considered a miracle to not die that day.
And I came up with another gift, which was the possibility of looking at the future and back and live in another way.
You who are flying today, the challenges to imagine that the same thing happens to you in your plane -- and please don't -- but imagine, and how do you change?
What do they do -- they still wait to do because they think they're going to live forever.
How do they change their relationships and negative energy in them?
And most importantly, are the best parents that they can do?
Thank you.
And I've clearly been blessed in life with many amazing projects.
But the most great thing I worked on was for this guy.
The guy is called TEDsters.
TED was one of the most important graphs in the 1980s.
He came to his house after he ran and said, "Dad, I feel a ship in the legs.
And that was the beginning of ALS.
Today TED has total paralysis today.
It can only use your eyes.
His work influenced me.
I have a design company and animation, so obviously, graffiti is something that we admire and respect in the art world.
So we decided we were going to sponsor Tony TED, and their cause.
So I went and met her brother and father and I said, "We're going to give you this money.
What are you going to do with you?"
And his brother said, "I just want to be able to talk to Tony again.
I just want to be able to communicate with him and he's able to communicate with me."
And I said, "A second -- not that I have seen Stephen Hawking -- not that all people with paralysis can communicate through those applies?"
And he said, "No, unless you are somebody important and you have a very good insurance you can't actually do it.
These devices are not affordable for people."
And I said, "Well, how do they communicate then?"
Anyone to see the film "Carrot and the March?"
They communicate that way. They go through the finger.
I said, "That's architecture. How can it be?"
So I introduced myself with the only desire to get a check, and instead of that signed a crash that didn't have the slightest idea of how he was going to cover it.
I committed to her brother and his father there at that precise time, "All right, this is the treatment. Tony is going to talk about, we're going to build a machine, and we're going to find a way to come back to make her art again.
Because it's ridiculous that someone who have so much inside their inner cannot communicate it."
So I talked about a couple of months later.
I met these guys called GPS Gramma Research Research and you have a technology that allows you to project a light in any surface, and then with a laser pointer -- you draw on that and record negative space.
So they go around doing art facilities like this.
All the things that come from, they say, are part of a cycle of life.
First of all, you start with the sex organs, then with bad words, after the Bush attacks, and at the end, people start making art.
But there was always a cycle of life in their presentation.
And it started the journey.
And about two years later, about a year later, after a year later, after a lot of organization and a lot of moving things on one side to another we had achieved a couple of things.
One, we played the doors of insurance companies and we got a machine for TED to communicate, a machine like Stephen Hawking.
Which was great.
And seriously, it's the most fun thing -- I call it Yeah, because when you talk to the guy you get an email of him, and you say, "I don't deserve it. This guy is fantastic."
The other thing we did was to bring seven programmers around the world -- literally, all the corner of the planet -- to our house.
My wife, the kids and I moved into the back garage and these hackers and programmers and constructions and antibiotics took control of the house.
A lot of our friends thought we did something completely stupid and that when we went back, they would have taken the squares of the walls, and in their place would be graffiti to it.
But for two weeks we program, we went to the sea country in Venice, my son was part, my dog as well, and we created this.
It's called Freedom Curtice," and you can see the description here.
They're a couple of cheap sun glasses that we buy in the March Beatream of Venice Beach, some copper wire and stuff from Homo Depression and Radio Shakespeare.
We take a PRISM camera, we opened it, we put it on a light of LED and now there's a device that is free -- it builds yourself -- we publish the free code -- software goes down in a free way.
And we created a device that has no limitation at all.
There's no insurance company.
There's no hospital that can say, "No."
Anyone with paralysis today has access to draw and communicate using only their eyes.
Thank you.
Thank you very much. That was awesome.
So at the end of the two weeks we went back to the TED room.
I love this picture because this is the room, and that's their room.
There was all this blue and approach during the big opening.
And after more than a year of planning, two weeks of programming, intense sessions from all night, Tony came back to draw for the first time in seven years.
And this is a wonderful picture because this is the support system of his life, and it's looking through the support system of his life.
We ran the bed so I could see.
And we put a project on a wall of the outside of the hospital.
And he came back to draw for the first time in front of her family and friends -- and they would imagine what was the feeling of the parking feeling.
The funny thing was that we had to build in parking so that we felt like we were legitimate as well.
At the end of this, he sent us an email and this was what he said, "This was the first time I drew in seven years.
I felt like I had been under the water, and somebody finally came to rescue me and pull me away from there so I could breathe.
Isn't it amazing?
So this is our war scream.
That's what keeps us in motion, developing us.
And we have a long way to go through this.
It's a cool device, but it's the equivalent of a magic screen.
Someone with this artistic potential deserves a lot more.
So we're trying to figure out how to improve it and make it faster and faster.
Since then we've had all kinds of recognition.
We've won a lot of prize.
Remember, it's free. None of us are making money with this.
Everything comes out of our own pockets.
The prizes were the guy, "Oh, this is fantastic."
Armstrong tweet something about us, and then, in December, Time magazine recognized us as one of the 50 inventions in 2010, and it was really cool.
The best thing about all of this -- and this is what ends up closing the circle, is that in April this year in the General of MOMA in downtown Los Angeles is going to be an exhibition called "Art in the Streets."
And Art in the streets are going to have the best extensions of urban art Bank, Shephan Freezz, CAOS.
TED is going to be in the show which is pretty awesome.
So basically this is my idea: if you see something that is not possible, do it possible.
Nothing in this room was possible -- the stage, the computer, the microphone, the Cockroach -- nothing was possible at a certain time.
Make it possible -- anything in this room.
I'm not a programmer, I never did anything with hidden recognition. I just recognized something and partnered with wonderful people in order to make it happen.
And these are the questions I want you all to do every day when we find something that we feel like you have to do. If it's not now, when, when am I not me, who?
Thank you guys.
I've spent the last few years getting in generally difficult situations and at the same time a very dangerous thing.
I went to jail. hard.
I worked in a coal mine. dangerous.
It filmed in war zones -- difficult and dangerous.
And I spent 30 days eating just this -- fun at the beginning, something difficult in the middle, very dangerous in the end.
In fact, in a lot of my career I've been diving in in horrible appearance, with the only goal of trying to examine social issues in ways that are attractive, interesting, and, hopefully, analyze them in a way that look like trained and accessible to the audience.
So when I knew that I would come here to do a TEDTalk about the world of brands and pattern wanted to do something a little different.
So, some of you may have heard it, or not, a couple of weeks ago I took an airplane in Ebola.
I sent some messages on Facebook, some on Twitter, I offered the rights of the name of my TEDTalk in 2011.
What I had was this: "The NASA is presented, and my TEDTalk in which they have no idea what it is and according to content could be explored in the face, especially if I put it in ridiculous to you or your company to do it.
But said, it's a very good media opportunity.
Do you know how many people are looking at these TEDTalks, right?
A lot.
It's a program in progress, by the way.
So I still knew that somebody was going to buy the rights of the name.
If you asked me a year ago I couldn't tell you with certainty.
But in the new film that I'm working on, we look at the world of the marketing world, of advertising.
And as I said earlier, I have been in horrible situations over the last few years, but nothing could be prepared -- nothing could anticipate me, for something as difficult or as dangerous as entering the rooms with these guys.
You see, I had this idea for a movie.
Morgan Studio: I want to make a film that deals with the production of products, marketing and advertising, and that all the film is funded with products of products, marketing and advertising.
The movie is going to call the largest movie ever sell."
What happens in "The largest movie ever sell is that everything from top down to end, has brand images, all the time, from the sustainability that appears before the title of the title, the X brand.
Now this brand -- Polar States, the Stevens Center.
These people are going to join the film to the periodic forever.
And so the film explores all this idea.  (Musice is reduction. Is it what? (Middle: Is it reduction?
I'm a redundant pedestrian.
It was "Person Perceptian."
But we're not just going to have the X brand pathogen in the title but we're going to make sure we get all the categories we could in the film.
Maybe we sell a shoe and it becomes the most cool shoe you've ever used.
The most cool car you have led in "The largest movie ever sell, the best trick you have ever been done, corresponds to "The largest movie ever sell."
David Kachelan: The idea is then to show the brands as part of life, to make them fund the film? MS: Making it funding the film. MS: And we actually show the whole process of how it works.
The goal of the whole film is transparency.
You'll see the whole process in this film.
That's the whole idea, all the film, from beginning to end.
And I would love CEO to help make it happen.
Robert Fried: You know, it's funny because it's the first time I hear that -- it's the maximum respect for audience.
Good, though, I don't know how recent people are going to be.
ZK: You have a perspective. I don't know if "Wow is a very negative thing, but you know how to represent? (Momet: No idea. David Coke: How much money does it do to do this?
MS: One and a half million -- (Diddle, very good. John Karona: I think it's going to be hard to meet them but certainly it's going to be worth convincing a couple of big brand.
JK: So who knows, maybe for the moment that the film comes out, we look at a lot of joyful devices.
MS: What do you think is going to be the answer?
Stuart Robert: Most of the answers will be no."
MS: But will it be hard to sell it, for the film or for being I?
JK: Both things.
MS: ... means you're not very optimistic.
So, do you help me? I need help.
MK: I can help.
MS: All right. (Middle: Okay.
MK: We have to think about what brands.
MS: Yes.
MK: We have some places to go. MS: Okay. Turn out the camera.
MS: I thought I switch out the camera -- it meant we have a conversation outside of microphone.
Turn out the camera means "We don't want to know anything about your film.
MS: And so it was, one for one, all these companies suddenly disappeared.
None of you wanted to have anything to do with this film.
I was surprised.
They didn't want to know anything with this project.
And I was very impressed. I thought that the concept of advertising, was to present the product to as many people as possible, to make so many people see it as possible.
Especially in the world today this intersection of new media and old media and the stage of separate media, isn't the idea to count with that new term worthy of attention that is going to bring the message to the mass?
No, that's what I thought.
But the problem was, you see, my idea had a garage mistake, and that error was this.
Actually, no, there was no mistake.
There was no mistake at all.
This would have been fine.
But the problem was what this image.
See, when you search for images of transparency in Google it comes out.   This is one of the first images that come in.
I like your way to reduce, Sergey Brian. No.
This was the problem: the transparency -- free of simulation or deception -- easily detected or seen -- easily understandable -- that it is characterized by the vision or an acquisition of information, especially in business practices.
You see, we hear a lot about transparency in these days.
Our politicians name, the president the name, even the CEOs name it.
But all of a sudden when it's trying to make it really change a lot.
But why? Well, transparency gives fear --  -- like that weird bear that still runs out.
It's impossible.   Like this rare rural path.
And it's also very risky.
What else is an arrangement?
It's going to be an entire bowl of World White County.
That's very risky.
When I started talking to companies and telling you that we wanted to tell this story and said, "No, we want you to tell a story.
We want you to tell a story, but you tell our story."
See, when I was a kid, and my father caught me in some lie -- and there he was looking at me as he used to do it, he said, "Son, there are three sides in every story.
It's your story, it's my story, and it's the real story.
As you see, in this film we wanted to tell the real story.
But with just a company, an agency wanting to help me -- and that just because I met John Bond and Richard Kindda of many years -- I realized that I would have to go on my own, I would have to remove the interview and go to companies myself with all my team.
So what I started to warn suddenly -- what I started to realize -- is that when you start to talk to companies the idea of understanding your brand is a universal problem.
MS: I have friends who make big films, big, giant films and others who make little movies -- independent movies, like mine.
And my friends who make big Hollywood movies -- giant people say that the reason their films are so successful is due to the associated marks they have.
And then my friends who make independent movies say, "Well, how are we supposed to compete with these big, giant Hollywood movies.
And the movie is called "The largest movie ever sell."
How are we going to see Bang specifically in the movie.
Every time I'm going to go out, every time I open my bottle, you'll see the White designer.
At any point during an interview with somebody can say, "Are you good for this interview?
Are you ready? You see you a little nervous.
I want to help you to calm you.
Maybe you should put a little bit of this before the interview."
And there I would offer one of these fabulous weapons.
Both Foundation Followeethese Listeness are going to have its opportunity.
We're going to have as much for man as for woman, solid to ball, in a bar, whatever.
That's the general view.
Now I can answer your questions and give them a pretty long look.
Karen Frank: We're a small brand.
Similarly, the kind of smaller movies you said, we're rather a rival brand.
So we don't have the budget that other brands have.
So doing things like that, you know, remind you Bang to people are the reason why this interests us.
MS: What words would you use to describe Bang?
Ban is in white.
KF: That's a big question.
Volunteer: higher technology.
MS: Technology is not the way you want to describe something that you put in the axis.
Man: We talk about something audacious audience: free.
I think "Freedom is a great word that really puts this category in positive versus the smell and the Superhean.
It keeps you fresh.
How do we keep a little bit more time? With better cold, more fragile, three times more fresh times.
Things like those who emphasize the benefits.
MS: And that's a multi-to-day company.
What about me? What about a common guy.
I need to talk to the street man, people like me, to the commons.
They have to talk about my brand.
MS: How do you define your brand.
Man: Mama my brand.
I don't know.
I like the good clothing.
Woman: I will revive the '80s, put the put passenger, unless it is danced from washing it.
MS: Okay, what's the Greek ship?
Greek: Something unique. MS: unique. Man: I guess the type of gender -- the style I have would be like a dark galaxy.
I like the dark colors, a lot of puzzles and things like that.
Usually I take access like sunglasses, or I like the crystals and the similar.
Woman: If Dan was a brand could be a classic conversation," Mercelf Benefish.
Man 2: The brand I am, I call it a classroom fly."
Woman 2: In part of a hypothesis, in part of a toy -- Britain, I don't know.
Man 3: I'm the kind of the mass.
You sell toys for pets in the country and in the world.
So I guess that's my brand.
In my little sector, that's my brand.
Man 4: My brand is FedEx because I get the marketing.
Man 5: Market marketers failed.
Is that something?
And I am a lawyer -- I am a lawyer of a lawyer.
Tom Tom -- I am Tom Tom.
MS: Well, we can't all be brand Tom -- but I'm often pleased in the intersection of dark glamour and classroom flying."
I realized I needed an expert.
I needed somebody who could enter my head, somebody who could help me understand what they call the brand personality."
And I found a company called Allen Galaxy in Pittsburgh.
They helped companies like Next, February, Malaria to discover that brand personality.
If they were able to do it for them, surely they could do it for me.
And agenda, I bring the photos, right?
MS: Yeah. The first picture is a family photo.
A: Tell me a little bit how it relates to your thoughts and feelings your way to be.
MS: These people model my way to see the world.
A: Tell me about that world.
MS: That world? I think your world is the world where you live -- like people around you, your friends, your family, the way you live your life, the work you do.
All of those things are organized and start in a place, and in my case they originated and start in my family, in West Virginia.
A: What's the next one you want to talk about?
MS: The next one is "This was the best day of my life."
A: How do you relate to your thoughts, feelings and your way to be?
MS: It's like who I'd like to be.
I like things different.
I like weird things. I like weird things.
A: Tell me about why it serves us?
What is the machine? What's the pack of color is now?
Why is it important? What does red represents red?
Tell me a little bit about that.
A little bit more of you, which is not who you are.
What other metabolism have you have?
It doesn't have to be fear. What kind of Russian mountain are you?
MS: Japan. (Audience: Thank you. No, thank you.
A: Thank you for your patient. MS: Big job. A: Yes. MS: Thank you so much. Very good.
MS: Yeah, I don't know what's going to come out of this.
There was a lot of crazy in all this.
Linda Gardenne: The first thing I saw was this idea that there are two different sides, but commercial, in your brand personality, the brand Morgan Morgel is a consumer brand.
They get very well together.
And I think there's almost a paradox in them.
And I think some companies will only focus on one of their strong dots or on the other rather than focusing on both.
A lot of companies tend to have -- and it's human nature -- to avoid the things that are not safe -- they avoid fear, those elements, and you actually give you something positive for you, and it's nice to see that.
What other brands are that?
The first here is the classic -- application.
And you can also see Target, Winky, Minister of mine cooperate and Jetene.
Now there are landscape marks and conscious brands -- those things that have gone and come in, but a consumer brand is quite powerful.
MS: A consumer brand. What's your brand.
If somebody asks you to describe your identity of brand, your brand personality personality what would be?
Are you an active attribute? Are you somebody who makes blood flow.
Or are you rather a desperate attribute?
A little bit more closed, researched, conservative?
And the advertising attributes are like being playful like the Prince of Prince, contemporary -- adversary, advertising or bold like Errannes Florida, fast or billion, professional, dominant or mystic like Gandhi.
Or are you rather from despite despite?
Are you conscious, sophisticated like 707?
Are you stable, traditional product, protective, protective? Do you identify with Operagu?
Are you reliable -- stable, family, religious, safe, saving, complex or wise like the Dalai Lama or YouTube?
In the course of this movie, we had over 500 companies, and advice and descendants who said, "No, they didn't want to be part of this project.
They didn't want to have anything to do with this film, mainly because they wouldn't have control, they wouldn't have control about the final product.
They allowed us to tell the story of the neurosurgeon, and we got to tell the story in this film of how they now use magnetic resonance to identify the centers of desire in the brain both for commercial marketing as for film.
We went to San Paulo where they have banned the advertising air.
In the entire city for the last five years, there are no vehicles, no cards, no flowers, nothing.
And we went to school districts where companies are doing road in schools with life problems in America.
The amazing thing for me is that the projects in which I've had the biggest answer or where I've been more successful are those in which I've been interacting with things directly.
And that's what these marks did.
They took the intermediases, they took their agencies, and they said, maybe these agencies don't have my best interest in mind.
I'm going to treat directly with the artist.
I'm going to work with him to create something different, something that is going to do thinking about people, who will challenge the way we look at the world.
And how do you get there? Did they have success.
Well, since the film is standing in the Superhean Festival Forest, we take a look.
According to Brunols the film are in January, and since then -- and this is not all -- we've had 900 million impressions in the media for this film.
This covers only a couple of two and a half weeks.
That's just online -- no press, no TV.
The movie is still not distributed yet.
It's still not online. It's not in Street.
It's not even presented in other countries yet.
Ultimately, this film has already begun to win momentum.
And it's not bad because almost all of the agencies that we talk to him to their customers will not be a part.
I've always believed that if you get risks, if you take risks, that in those risks there are opportunities.
I think when you take people out of that they're pushing them into failure.
I think that when you train your employees in the adventure of the risk is preparing your entire company to look at rewards.
I feel that what has to happen to move forward is that we have to encourage people to risk.
We have to encourage people to not be afraid of the opportunities that they can scare them.
Ultimately, I'm going to move forward, I think we have to give the fear of fear.
We have to put that bear in a cage.
We're going to open the fear. We'll embrace the risk.
From a carter at a time, we have to embrace the risk.
And ultimately, we have to address transparency.
Today, more than ever a little bit of honesty is going to get a long way.
And I said this, with honesty and transparency, all my talk "We will "do transportation has been presented by my good friends of E8 who for 70,000 people from the name of the name in Ebola.
EC: Convergening big data in big opportunities for companies around the world.
EM presents "Freedom "Controller."
Thank you very much.
June Cohen: So Mozart, in behalf of the transparency, which happened exactly with those 700?
MS: It's an exceptional question.
In my pocket I have a crash to the name of the TED Marketing organization, the Santaina Foundation, a crisis for 701 to be applied to my TED assistant for the next year.
The idea behind the Stockholm computer worm is actually very simple.
We don't want Iran to get the nuclear bomb.
Their biggest asset to develop nuclear weapons is the U.K. training plant.
The gray boxes that you see are systems of control in real time.
If we can engage these systems that control speed and vehillary, we can cause a lot of problems with the control.
The gray boxes don't use software from Windows -- they're a completely different technology.
But if we managed to put an effective virus from Windows in a laptop computer used by an engineer to confirm this gray box, then we are ready.
This is the plan behind Steven.
We started with a Windows institution.
The eye goes into the gray box, damage the control, and the nuclear program is demographic, massively completely.
It's easy, huh?
I want to tell you how we discovered this.
When we started investigating about Steven six months ago, the purpose was completely unknown to it.
The only thing that was known is that it's very, very complex in the Windows part of Windows -- the installation used multiple dropout vulnerability.
It seemed to want to do something with these gray boxes, these control systems.
That struck us the attention, and we started an experiment where we infected our environment with Stevens and we saw what happened with this.
So very strange things happened.
Steven was behaving like a laboratory rat that he didn't like our cheese -- I smelled it, but I didn't want to eat.
It didn't make sense for me.
And after I experiment with different flavors of cheese -- I realized, and I thought, "This is a directed attack.
It's completely drawn."
The installation is actively looking at the gray box if you find a specific configuration, and even if the program you're trying to infect is effectively working in that place.
Now, Steven does nothing.
So that called my attention, and we started working on this almost 24 hours a day, because I thought, "We don't know what the goal is.
It might be, let's say for example, an American power plant, or a chemical plant in Germany.
We better discover the goal soon.
So we went up and we decomposed the attack code, and we discovered that it was structured in two digital bombs. A little bit and a big one.
We also saw that they were armed very professionally by people who obviously had all the internal information.
They knew all the points that I will attack.
They probably even know how much the operator.
So you know everything.
And if you've heard that the speaker of Steven is complex and high technology, let me tell you, the load is very complex.
It's very close to everything we've seen before.
Here you see a sample of this attack code.
We're talking about 15 thousand lines of code.
It looks pretty much like old language language.
I want to tell you how we could find meaning to this code.
What we looked at at the beginning were called the functions of the system, because we know what they do.
Then we were looking for temporary sets and data structures and tried to relate to the real world, with objective potential to the real world.
We need theories about destinations that we can approve or destroy.
To get to theories about goals, we remember that it's definitely a violent sandwich, it must be a valuable, and it's probably located in Iran, because it's where most infection has been reported.
You don't find several thousands of targets in that area.
It basically boils down to the nuclear power plant of Bush and the National entrepreneur plant.
So I told my assistant, "Triangle a list of all the experts in controls and energy plants between our clients.
He called them and put them into an effort to put their experience with what we found in code and data.
And it worked pretty well.
So we were able to associate the little digital dive with the mouse control.
The rotor is that mobile part inside the control, that black object you see.
If you handle the speed of this broken, you can certainly break it up and even make your encryption explode.
What we also saw is that the goal of the attack was to make it slow and declare in an obvious effort to become crazy to maintenance engineers so that they couldn't solve this quickly.
We try to figure out the big digital divide, looking very closely to the data and their structures.
So for example, the number 16 is supported in that code, you can't obvious.
I started researching scientific literature about how these controls are built in National Nation, and I found that they're structured in what's called a sacrifice, and every waterfall contains 16 contractors.
That made sense, there was a coincidence.
And it got better yet.
These controls in Iran are divided in 15 parts called stages.
And guess what we found in the attacks.
It's almost identical structure.
So again, that was a good coincidence.
This gave us a lot of confidence to understand what we had between hands.
So there is no manufacturing, it wasn't like this.
The results have been received after several weeks of hard work.
We usually ended up in street streets, and we had to start again.
Even so, we discovered that both digital choices would take a single and objective one, but from different angles, from different angles,
The small eye is taking a waterfall and making the rocks and the relationships and the big eye communicate with six waterfall and manipulating tubes.
In addition, we're very confident that we've determined what the destiny is.
It's National, and it's just National.
We should not worry that other targets are reached by Steven.
Here I show you some very interesting things that we saw, really impressed me.
There's the gray box and the top of the contractors.
What this thing does is to intercept the input values of sensors for example, from pressure sensors and vibration sensors and provides legitimate code, which still execute during the attack, with false input data.
And believe it or not, these fake entry data are programmed by Steven.
It's like in the Hollywood movies where, during the robot, the security camera is feeding video video food.
Is it great there?
The idea here is obviously not just going to shine the operators in the control room.
It's really much more dangerous and agriculture.
The idea is to build a digital security system.
We need digital security systems where a human operator couldn't act fast.
For example, in an energy plant, when the great steam turbine is happening with speed, you have to open up scale valves in a military.
Obviously, this can't make a human operator.
That's where we need digital security systems.
And when they're completely, then they can spend bad things.
The plant can explore.
And neither or the security system will notice it.
That scares that.
But it can be worse.
What I'm going to say is very important.
Think about this. This attack is generous.
It has nothing to see, specifically, with controllers, with uranium entrepreneurs.
It could work too, for example, in an energy plant, or in an automotive factory.
It's generous.
And you don't have -- like attack, which will disseminate this load with a USB key, as we saw in the case of Steven.
You could also use conventional worms of worms to disseminate it.
Tell me the most possible.
And if you do that, with what you end up with is a massive destruction crow.
That's the consequence we need to face.
Unfortunately, the largest number of targets for such attacks is not in the Middle East.
It's in the United States and Japan.
All green areas are spaces with large numbers of goals.
We have to face the consequences and better than we start preparing now.
Thank you.
Chris Anderson: I have a question.
Raki, it's been public in many sides that people assume the Mississ is the main entities behind this.
What's your opinion.
Ralph Langley: Okay, really want to hear this?
Yeah. Okay.
My view is that the Mississ is involved, but the engine is not Israel.
The engine behind this is cyber support.
There is one single one, and that's the United States, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately.
Because, otherwise our problems would be even higher.
CA: Thank you. Thank you, Raki.
I want you to imagine a robot that you can take and give you surface skills, or another one that makes wheelchair users get up and go back to walk.
In Berlin Biospheres, we call these robots, executives.
They're nothing different from something that is put in the morning, it gives you a big force that also increases your speed, and it helps you, for example, driving the balance.
It's actually the real integration of man and machine.
But not only that -- it can integrate and connect it with the universe and with other things that are outside.
This is not a terrible idea.
To show you now in what we're working on, we start talking about the American soldier who, on average, should take on your back a load of 45 pounds, and it's getting rid of getting even more equipment.
Obviously, this leads to some important implications -- light injuries in the back, in 30 percent of the soldiers -- with chronic damage.
We decided to contemplate this challenge and create an exoskeleton that could help drive the issue.
Let me introduce you the HIV -- or Port Carbon Carbon Cars.
Soldier: With the HIV exoskeleton I can run 90 pounds of variable land for many hours.
Their flexible design, it allows us to put it into calls to drag and execute movements with great agriculture.
I perceive what I want to do, or where I want to go, and then I increase my strength and my resistance.
Ethiopian Benjamin: We're ready, with our industrial partner to produce this device, this new exoskeleton this year.
So it's a reality.
Let's go back now to look at the users of wheelchair -- about what I feel particularly passionate about.
There are 68 million people around us, in wheelchair around the world.
Like one percent of the total population.
And this is a really conservative calculation here.
We talk about something that happens with frequency -- very young people, with damage in the spinal column that by starting their life -- at the age of 20, 30 or 40 years -- collide against a wall, and the wheelchair turns out to be their only choice.
We also talk about the population that is moving very quickly.
Their only option, many times -- by a brain injury or some other complexity -- it's the wheelchair chair.
And this has been that for the last 500 years, from their successful speech, as I should recognize.
So we decided to start to write a new chapter about mobility.
Let me introduce you the ELAM that is using Amanda Boston who 19 years ago had a injury in the spine column, and as a result he couldn't walk back for 19 years, so far.
Amanda Boston? Thank you.
EB: Amanda is using our ELAM, which I mentioned.
It has some sensors.
It's completely not invisible in the crutches that send signals to the onboard computer, here in the back.
There are also some batteries that give energy to the motors in the heads, and in the knees, and they make it move with this soft soft and very natural.
AB: I was 24 years old at the top of my life when, by a strange jump in the air, skiing down it was paralyzed.
In a fraction of a second, I lost everything feeling and all of the motion of the film down.
Shortly after that, a doctor walked into my room in the hospital, and he said, "Mom, I'll never walk again."
That happened 19 years ago.
So I broke up to the last kind of hope of my being.
The adaptation technology since then, has allowed me to learn how to slide down on the bottom of the stage, climb rocks and even ride in a hand bicycle.
But they haven't invented anything that allows me to walk, so far.
Thank you.
EB: As you can see, we have the technology, we have the platforms to sit and talk to you.
It's in our hands, and we have all the potential here to change the life to future generations -- not just of soldiers, but to Amanda and all the users of wheelchair to everyone.
AB: Thank you.
I just came back from a community that has the secret of human survival.
It's a place where women have the baton -- they practice sex to say hello, and the game is the order of the day, where diversity is serious.
And no, it's not the festival of the Arean Anders or San Francisco.
Ladies and gentlemen, they know their cousins.
This is the world of wild bonobos in Congo.
The bonobos are, along with chimpanzees, their closest living relatives.
That means that we all share a common ancestor, an evolutionary grandmother, that lived about six million years ago.
Now, chimpanzees are known by their agriculture.
But unfortunately, we've done too much emphasis in this aspect in our narrative of human evolution.
But the bonobos show us the other side of the coin.
Whereas chimpanzees are dominated by big, terrifying types.
These guys have created something special -- because this leads to a very tolerant society where mortal violence hasn't yet observed.
But unfortunately, the bonobos are the least understood of the big apes, unfortunately.
They live in the depths of the rainforest, and it's been very difficult to study them.
The Congo is a paradox -- a land of extraordinary biodiversity and beauty, but also the heart of the tennis itself -- the scenario of a violent conflict that has been linked by decades, and caused almost as many deaths like the First World War.
It's not surprising that this destruction also puts the survival of the Bonobo.
Heart meat and deforestation make you can't fill a stadium with the bonobos that are left in the world, and honestly, we're not sure of it.
However, in this land of violence and chaos, you can hear the laughter hidden by making the trees.
Who are these primes?
We know them as the apes "Make love, not war -- because they have frequent sex, primary and bisexual sex to drive conflict and solve social problems.
I'm not saying that this is the solution to all the problems of humanity because the life of the Bonobo is more than the Kanya Surger.
Boys, like humans, love to play throughout their lifetime.
Play is not just a game of children.
For us, and for them, the game is fundamental to establish links and foster tolerance to it.
We learn to trust, and we learn the rules of the game.
Play increases creativity and resilience, and it has to do with the generation of diversity diversity -- the diversity of behaviors diversity diversity diversity diversity.
And when you look at the Bonobo game, you see the evolutionary roots themselves of laughter, dance and human rituals.
Play is the glue that unites us.
I don't know how you play you, but I want to show you a couple of unique videos taken from the wild medium.
First of all, it's a silver game game, and I'm not talking about football stock.
Here's a female and a young male in the middle of a personality.
Look at what she is doing.
It could be the evolutionary origin of the phrase, he has saving the balls."
And I just believe that in this case, he loves it, right?
Yeah.
So sexual play is common as much as humans.
And this video is really interesting because it shows -- this video really is interesting because it shows the invention of bringing unusual elements into play -- like the testicles -- and also how the game requires trust and force trust, and at the same time it's the most fun.
But play is politician.
Play is political, it can adopt many ways, some of which are more consumers, imagination, curious -- perhaps the place where the awe is restored.
And I want you to look at this -- this is Fulfame, a young female who is playing with a hot water.
I think that, like her, sometimes we play alone, and we explore the limits of our inner and outside worlds.
And it's that playful curiosity that drives us to explore, to interact and then the unexpected connections that we form are the real seed of creativity.
These are just small samples of understanding that bonobos give us from our past and present.
But they also have a secret for our future, a future where we have to adapt to a more and harder world with greater creativity and greater cooperation.
The secret is that play is the key for these capabilities.
In other words, the game is our adaptation.
To deal with success to a world that changes we need to play.
But will we take advantage of our game capacity.
Play is not familiar.
Play is essential.
For Bonobo and humans alike, life is not just cruel and strip.
When it seems like the least appropriate play, they can be the moments in which it's the most urgent thing.
And so, primates, we accept this gift of evolution and play together as we rediscovered creativity, friendship and wonder.
Thank you.
In New York I am responsible for developing a nonprofit organization called Robin Hood.
When I'm not fighting poverty, I call fire fire as a captain assistant in a body of volunteer bomb.
And in our city, where volunteers supplement a highly skilled personal person has to get to the site of the fire very soon to enter action.
I remember my first fire.
I was the second volunteer in the site, so I had a pretty high probability to go.
But still, there was a career in foot against the other volunteers to get to the captain and figure out what our task was.
When I found the captain he was fascinated in a conversation with the property that I certainly went through one of the worst days of his life.
We were at night, she was standing outside in the rain, under a shark, in pain, and she was still having his house in the flames.
The other volunteer I just got before me, we call it Lewis Luther --  came first to the captain and he asked him to go into and save the dog of the owner of the house.
The dog. I was so cheap."
There I was a lawyer or a management of money that, during the rest of his life, I would have to tell people I entered a call building to save a living being just because I won for five seconds.
Well, I was the next one.
The captain made me an addition.
He said, "Listen, I need to go between the house.
I need to go up, go through the fire, and bring it to this woman a couple of shoes."
I swear it.
It wasn't exactly what I expected, but I was -- I climbed the stairs, at the end of the hall, went to the regional firemen that at that height or less had finished off the fire and entered the main room in search for a couple of shoes.
I know what you're thinking, but I'm not a hero.
I took my load back on the ladder where I met my Nations and the precious dog in the main door.
We got out of the house the testing of the house where it was to expect, his treasure.
A few weeks later, the department received a letter from the owner of the house gravitating by the brave effort demonstrated to save their house.
The kindness that she looked at the other thing was that someone had reached it even a couple of shoes.
Both in my voice in Robin Hood, as in my voice as a volunteer pump I'm witness of generosity and kindness on a monumental scale, but also about acts of grace and courage at the individual level.
And you know what I've learned?
Everything has its importance.
So when I look at this room to people who have achieved or they are to do, remarkable levels of success I'd like to remind you this: Don't wait.
They don't wait to win the first million to make the difference in somebody's life.
If you have something to give, give it now.
They serve food in a dining dining dining park.
They're mental.
Not every day we're going to have a chance to save someone's lives, but every day we're going to be able to influence somebody's lives.
So they enter the game. They save the shoes.
Thank you.
Bruno Giussani: Mark, Mark, back.
Mark Bessingles: Thank you.
This may seem strange but I'm a great admirer of the concrete block.
The first concrete blocks were made in 1888 with a very simple idea: cement modules of a fixed measure that fit each other.
Very quickly, these became the most used unit in the world.
They have allowed us to build things larger than us, like buildings or bridges, one brick at the time.
Essentially, these blocks have become the pillars of our time.
Almost a hundred years later, in 1947 to LIGO came up with this.
It's called an automatic assembly brick landscape.
And in a few years, Lake launches came to every home.
It's estimated that more than 400 billion or 75 bricks per person on the planet.
You don't have to be engineering to build beautiful bridges, buildings or homes.
LGBT made it accessible.
LGBT simply adopted the concrete block, the favor in the world, and turned it into a fundamental piece of our imagination.
Meanwhile, exactly that same year, in the Bell labs, the next revolution was about to announce -- the new building block.
The transistor was a small plastic unit that would take us from a world of static brick stacked on each other to a world where everything was interactive.
Like the concrete block, the transistor allows us to create much greater and more complex circuits -- one brick at a time.
But there's a main difference. The transistor was just for experts.
I personally don't accept it, that the building blocks of our time are reserved to experts, so I decided to change it.
Eight years ago, when I was at the Media Lab, I started exploring the idea of bringing engineers to the hands of artists and designers.
A few years ago, I started developing little little ones.
Let me show you how they work.
Little lines are electronic modules each with a specific function.
They're predicted to be light, sound, engines and sensors.
And the best thing about everything is that they join magnets together.
So you can't put it wrong.
The bricks have a code of colors.
The green is the room, the blue is the stream, the rose is the input and the orange color is the wire.
So you just have to assemble a blue with a green and very quickly you can start making bigger circuits.
A blue with one green produce light.
We can put a button in the middle and we have a regulator.
If we change the button by a pulse cord, which is here, and now we have an intentional light.
We added this field to create more impact and we have a noise machine.
I'm going to stop this.
So beyond simple play, links are actually very powerful.
Instead of having to program and connect and soldier, links allow us to program using very simple intuitive gestures.
To do faster or slower park, you just turn this button that makes the pulse faster or slower.
The idea behind links is that it's a growing collection.
We want all of the interactions in the world are reduced to brick ready to use.
Lights, sound, solar panels, motors, everything must be accessible.
We have given little little kids to see them play with them.
And it's been an incredible experience.
The best thing is how you start to understand the electronics of every day that you don't learn in schools.
For example, how a night light works, or why the door of a elevator keeps open, or how an iPod responds to the touch.
We've also taken little links to design schools.
So for example, designers without experience in electronics start playing with links like a material.
Here you can see, with paper bottles and film, we have George creating George.
(Audience sounds)  So a few weeks ago we took little little laws at Rhode Island School design, who don't have any experience in engineering, just in card, wood and paper and said, do something.
Here's an example of a project that you've done, a chain of confidence activated by movement.
But wait, here's my favorite project.
It's a local plant that is made of darkness.
For these engineers, links became another material, electronics became another material.
And we want this material to be on the top of all.
This is why he has open source.
You can visit the website, download all the design files and make them manufacture them.
We want to encourage a world of creators and inventors and collaborators because this world we live in, this interactive world, is ours.
So go ahead and invent it.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you today about unexpected discoveries.
I work in the solar technology industry.
And my little company seeks involved with the environment focusing on the environment.
The collaboration distributed collaboration.
This is a little video of what we do.
Hmm. Wait for a moment.
You can take a little bit of a charge.
We can continue to better leave the video on the side.
No.
This is not.
All right.
Solar technology is ...
Oh, already I get the time?
All right. Thank you very much.
A couple years ago I launched an initiative to recruit the best designers and techniques to take a year and work in an environment that represents almost everything that they were supposed to be designed, we asked them to work in the government.
The initiative was called "Beijing for America, and they would be like a people in peace for technologies.
We select some members every year and we put them to work with the media.
Instead of sending them to the Third World -- we send them into the wild world.
They made great applications -- they worked with the municipal employees.
Their task is to show the possibilities of today's technology.
You know Al Ali.
It's a city hydrant in Boston.
So here it appears as if I look for a quote, but what really looks for is somebody clean it when he gets caught by the snow because he knows it's not very good at turning fires when it's covered by a meter of snow.
How did it come to ask help in this single way?
Last year in Boston had a team of "March for America."
They were there in February, and at that time I was born a lot last year.
They realized that the city never cleaned these streets.
But one of the members called Erik Michaela noticed something else -- that citizens cleaned out with palms right in front of them.
So he did like any good programmer, developed an app.
It's a nice application where a hydrant can be adopted in.
You accept to clean it when you snow.
When you do that, you put a name, in this case you put it up.
If you don't do it, someone can roll.
So it has a players' component.
It's a modest app.
Maybe it's the smallest of the 21 scheduled applications last year.
But it does something that no other government technology achieve.
And it spreads in a viral form.
A responsible system from Hollywood City when you see this app realized that I could use it, not for snow, but for citizens to adopt teams of tsunami.
It's very important that they work these tsunami, but people steal the batteries.
So he asked citizens to control them.
And then Seattle decided to use it to get citizens to take off the stones shot.
And Chicago just launched it to make people record to clean sidewalks when snow.
So now we know nine cities that plan to use it.
And this has spread without frightenes, organic and natural ways.
If you know a little bit of government technology will know that this doesn't normally happen.
Social acquisition usually takes a couple of years.
Last year in Boston we had a team working on a project that required three people for two and a half months.
It was a tool so that parents could choose the best public school for their children.
Then they told us that to have done for normal channels would have taken at least two years and cost about two million dollars.
And that's not nothing.
Now there is a project in the judicial power of California that until the time has cost two billion dollars and doesn't work.
And there are projects like this in every level of government.
So an app that is programmed in a couple of days and spread in viral form is a kind of army of warning to government institution.
It suggests the best way to work, not like private companies, like a lot of people think it should be.
Nor as a technological company, but rather as the Internet itself.
I mean, without restrictions, open and generations.
And that's important.
But the most important thing about this app is that it represents a way to address the question of the government that has new generation -- not as a problem of an underlying institution but as a collective action problem.
And that's really good because it turns out that we're really good for collective action with digital technology.
And there's a very large community of people who are building the tools for us to work together with efficacy.
And it's not only Code for America, but there are hundreds of people all over the country who contribute to civic applications every day in their own communities.
They have not been given with the government.
They feel a big frustration before that, but they don't complain -- they fix it.
And these people know something we've lost of view.
And it is that if we leave the feelings about politics, the line in the DVD DVD -- and all of those other things that we get crazy -- the government is essentially in words of Tim Recovery, what we do together because we just can't can."
Now, many people have abandoned government.
If you are one of those people, I would ask you to remind them, because things are changing.
Politics doesn't change the government.
And because the last economic government of us remembers that of us?" The people?"
I didn't know a lot of government when I started with this.
And as a lot of people thought that the government is to choose people to occupy charges.
Well, after two years I have come to the conclusion that the government is mostly about regiments.
This is the telephone care center and information.
It's the place that comes up with the calls if you mark 311 in America.
Scott came up with this call.
In fact, "Rapital" in the official knowledge.
I didn't find anything. It started with animal control.
And he finally said, "Hey, you can open up the gates of the house, put a lot of good music and see if it is going?"
And it worked. So well for Scott good.
But that wasn't the end of the crafts.
Boston has no call.
It has an app and websites and mobile phone, called Connection Connection."
We don't program that application.
It was the very smart people in the New Mechanical University Office in Boston.
One day, this really happened -- it comes this question: Zarvart in my garbage cube -- I don't know if it's dead.
How do I do it to take?"
The Connection of Connection is different.
Scott was talking in person.
In Connecticut Connections everything is public, so you all see this.
In this case, I saw it a neighbor.
The next report said, "I approached the place, I found the garbage cube behind the house.
Ziploba? Yeah? Video? Yes.
And I went home. I went home.
Good nights, sleep crazy."
Quite simple.
This is great. It's the conflict of digital and physics.
And it's also a great example of government income to distributed voluntary collaboration.
But it's also a great example of government as a platform.
And here I don't necessarily mean the definition technological definition of platform.
I talk about a platform for people to engage and help others.
So, a citizen helped another but here the government had a key role.
He connected to two people.
And I could have connected with the government services of being necessary but the neighbor is a better alternative and cheaper than government services.
When one neighbor helps another, we strengthen communities.
If we call animal control, that costs a lot of money.
One important thing we need to think about government is that it's not the same as politics.
A lot of people understand it, but they think one is the entrance of the other.
That our entry to the government system is the vote.
How many times have you chosen a political leader, sometimes we spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader and then hope that the government reflects our values and satisfying our needs but then we don't see changes.
That's because the government is like an immense ocean and politics is the surface layer of 15 feet.
By below is what we call burdeability.
And we say that word with a lot of disappointment.
But it's that disappearance of what keeps us that we are funding as something that operates in our password -- that other thing, and we're all losing power.
People believe that politics is sexy.
If we want this institution to work we need to make the bureaucracy sexy.
Because that's where the real work of government happens.
We have to collaborate with the government machine.
That makes the Olympic movement.
Have you seen them?
It's a group of concerned citizens who have written a very detailed report of 125 pages in response to the Gees Commission of values, on the financial reform project.
That's not political activism -- it's bureaucratic activism.
And for those of us who have been asked to the government, it's time for us to ask what world we want to leave our children.
You have to see the enormous challenges that they will have to face.
Do you really think we will get to where we have to go without solving the institution that can act in the name of all of us?
We can't press government, we need it to be more effective.
The good news is that with technology is possible to rethink the government function so that can expand the civil society.
There is a generation that grew up with the Internet, and it knows that it's not so hard to act manipulated, you only have to articulate the systems in the right way.
The average age of our members is 28 years old, so I am a greater generation than many of them.
This is a generation that has grown up taking the word and giving that almost for granted.
They're not giving that battle that we all face about who's going to talk about, they're all going to speak.
They can express their opinions in any channel at the same time and do it.
So when you face the government problem you don't care a lot to hear your voices.
They're using hands.
They put hands to the work to program applications that make government better.
And those applications allow us to use the hands to improve our communities.
It can be just cleaning a heart, taking weeds away, taking a garbage cube that has a regime inside it.
Of course, we could always have cleaned those streets and many people do it.
But these applications are like digital reminder that we're not only consumers, we're not only consumers of government that pay taxes and we get services.
We are more than that. We are citizens.
And we're not going to fix the government until we don't fix the citizens.
So I want to ask all the present, when it's the important things that we have to do together, all together, we will be a crowd of voices, or will we also be a crowd of hands?
Thank you.
This is for me a real honor.
I've spent most of the time in prisons, prisons and the death corridor in death.
I've spent most of my life in marine communities, in projects and places where there's a lot of despair.
And being here at TED seeing and hearing these stimulus has given me a lot of energy.
One of the things I've noticed in this short time, is that TED has identity.
And the things that are said here is impact around the world.
In occasions, if something comes from TED, it makes a sense and a force that wouldn't have any other way.
I say this because I think identity is really important.
Here we've seen fantastic presentations.
And I think we've learned that the words of a teacher can make a lot of sense, but if you teach them with feeling, you can have special meaning.
A doctor can do good things, I am carbon, it can achieve much more.
So I want to talk about the power of identity.
I didn't actually learn this in the practice of the right, my work.
I learned from my grandmother.
I grew up in a traditional house of an African-American family dominated by a marriage, which was my grandmother.
It was hard, it was strong, I had power.
It was the last word in all discussions in the family.
She started a lot of the decisions in our home.
I was a daughter of people who had been slaves.
His parents were born in slavery in Virginia about 1848.
She was born about 1880 and his experience with slavery made the way the world looked like.
She was hard, but she was also love.
When I was small and she looked at her, she came up to me and I gave me a good hug.
I was so strong that I could barely breathe, and then I came up.
One or two hours later, I went back to her, he came up to me and said, "Bring, you still feel my hard?"
And if I said no, I was grabbed again, and if I said yes, I was left in peace.
I had this human quality that made you wish to be close to it.
The only problem is that I had 10 children.
My mother was the least of the 10.
In occasions, when I was going to spend a time with her, it wasn't easy to capture his time and his attention.
My cousins were running everywhere.
I remember when I was eight or nine years old, I woke up one morning, I went to the room, and there were all my cousins running out.
My grandmother was on the other side of the room and looked at me.
At first, I thought it was a game.
And so he looked at it and smiled, but she was very serious.
After 15 or 20 minutes, she got up, he went back to the room, he took me out of my hand and said, "You see Britain. I'll give you a conversation."
I remember this as if it was yesterday.
I'll never forget it.
He took me out and said, "Break, I'll tell you something, but you can't tell anyone.
I said, "Okay, Mary."
She said, "Now let me do it." I said, "Sure."
Then I sat down, he looked at me and said, "I want you to know I've been looking at you."
And I said, "I think you're special.
He said, "I think you can do whatever you want.
I'll never forget it.
Then he said, "I just want you to give you three things, Britain."
I said, "Sure, Mary."
And he said, "The first thing I want you to promise is you will always want your mother."
Adam: She is my daughter, and you have to promise you to always take care of it."
As I would love my mom, I said, "Yes, mom, I'll do."
Then he said, "The second thing I want you to promise is you will always do the right thing as the right thing is hard."
I thought about it, and I said, "Yes, Ms. I'll do."
Then he finally said, "The third thing I want you to promise is you never drink alcohol."
I was nine years old, and I said, "Yes, mom, I'll do."
I grew up in the field, in the rural south. I have a brother a bigger year and a sister a younger year.
When I was 14 or 15, one day my brother came home with a six selection package -- I don't know where I pulled them, I grabbed my sister and I went to the forest.
We just came up with the crazy madness.
He took a beer source, offered my sister, she took a little bit and offered me to me.
I said, "No, no, no. All right. You go, but I'm not going to take beer.
My brother said, "Come on. Today I do it. And you always do the same thing as us.
I already took something, your sister as well.
I said, "No." I wouldn't feel good. You can follow.
Then my brother looked at me.
He said, "What's going on? Take a beer."
And I was happy to look at strength and he said, "Oh, I'm not going to be thinking about the conversation with Mary."
I said, "But what are you talking about?"
He said, "Look at all the grandchildren that are special.
I was right.
I have to admit something to you.
Let me tell you something that probably shouldn't say.
I know this is going to spread away.
But I'm 52 years old, and I can admit that I've never taken a drop of alcohol.
I don't say this is a virtue. I say it for the power that identity.
When we create the right kind of identity, we say things that really don't make sense of it.
We can't get them to do things that don't believe to be able to do.
I think my grandmother naturally believed that all their grandchildren were special.
My grandfather had been imprisoned during the propaganda.
My uncle died of age-related diseases.
And these were the things that, according to it, we had to commit them.
Now, try to talk about our criminal justice system.
This country is very different than it was 40 years ago.
In 1972, there were 300,000 prisoners.
There are 2.3 million.
In America, we have the largest incarceration rate in the world.
We have seven million people in ordinary freedom.
And this massive incarceration, in my opinion, has fundamentally changed our world.
In poor communities or black communities, it's so much despair, so much despair.
One of the three black black ones between the 18 and 30 years is in prison or conductor freedom.
In urban communities all over the country, Los Angeles, Philip, Balance, Washington -- from 50 to 60 to 60 to 60 to 60 to 60 to 60 to 60 to 60 to 60 to 60 to 60 to 60 percent of all young color people are in prison or conductive.
Our system is not just distorted in front of the race, it's also about poverty.
In this country, we have a judicial system that makes you much better if you're rich and guilty that if you're poor and innocent.
It's not curiosity, but the richness that comes out of the results.
And it looks like we feel very shocked.
Fear politics and forest make us believe that these are not a problem our own.
We are declared.
It seems interesting.
We're looking at our work some very curious development.
In my state, in Alabama, as well as in other states, you give you from rights forever, if you have a criminal condition.
Right now in Alabama, 74 percent of the black male population has definitely lost the right to vote.
And if we project it over the next 10 years, the level of loss of rights will be as elevated as it was before they were going to press the law of the right to the vote.
We have this amazing silence.
I represent children.
Many of my customers are very young.
The United States is the only country in the world where it feels to children from 13 to die in prison.
We have in this prison country for children, no possibility to go out.
Right now we are in the process of some limits.
The only country in the world.
It represents people in the death row.
This death penalty issue is interesting.
So in a sense, have you taught us to think that the final question is, people deserve to die for comfortable crime.
Very sensitive question.
But you can think of another way about how we are in our identity.
There's another way to look at it -- it's not about deciding whether people deserve to die for eating crimes, but if we deserve to kill.
This is interesting.
The death penalty is defined by mistake.
In every nine people executed by each nine people, one that is innocent that is enough and liberated from the corridor of death.
One rate of error, amazing -- an innocent from every nine.
This is interesting.
In aviation it would never be allowed to be able to never be able to paint airplanes if every nine to wake up, you would have to scale.
But somehow we get rid of the problem.
It's not our problem.
It's not our charge.
It's not our struggle.
I talk a lot about these things.
I talk about race and this issue of whether we deserve killed.
It's interesting that in my classes with students about African-American history, I talk to you about slavery.
I tell you about terrorism -- the time that started at the end of the reconstruction and that led to World War II.
We don't really know a lot about this.
But for the black Americans in this country, it was a little bit defined by the terror.
In many communities people were afraid of being limited.
I worried to be bombed.
The threat of the terror was what they defined their lives.
Now there are older people who come up to me and tell me, "Mr. Sting, you tell talks, makes you speeches -- give people that they stop saying that in our history we deal with the first time with terrorism, after 191."
They ask me to say, "No." Say we grew up with that."
The age of terrorism continued to be obviously the segregation and decades of racial supercomputer and separation.
In this country, we have a dynamic that we don't like to talk about our problems.
We don't like to talk about our story.
And that's why we haven't understood the meaning of what we historically have.
All the time we collide with each other.
We constantly create tensions and conflict.
It costs us work to talk about race. I think it's because we're not willing to engage with a process of truth and reconciliation.
In South Africa, people understood that they couldn't overcome racial segregated without a commitment with truth and reconciliation.
In Rwanda, even before the genocide had this commitment, but in this country we haven't done it.
I was in Germany giving conferences about death penalty conference.
It was fascinating because one of the teachers stood after my presentation and said, "You know it's good worry about what you say."
Adam: We don't have death row in Germany.
We will never be able to have it here."
The room stayed in silence, and a lady said, "There's no way that our story, we can never be able to get in the systematic death of human beings.
It would be irrational that we, intentional and depressing, we had to run people."
Just reflect on this.
How would we feel in a world where a nation like Germany -- it would execute people, especially if they were in their most Jewish majority.
We couldn't tolerate it.
It would be irrational.
And yet, there is this disconnect.
I think our identity is in danger.
If we actually don't care about these very difficult issues, positive and wonderful things are yet implicated with it.
We love innovation.
It fascinated technology. We adore creativity.
We love entertainment.
But lately, those realities are made by suffering, abuse, degradation, marginalization.
In my view, you need to integrate both things.
We just talked about the need to have more hope, greater commitment, more decline with the basic challenges of life in this complex world.
I think that means spending more time thinking and talking about the poor, the stones, the ones that will never get to TED.
Think of them is, in a way, something that's inside of our being.
It's true that we have to believe in issues that we haven't seen.
So we are -- despite being so rational, so committed to the intellectual thing.
With innovation, with creativity. development comes not just from brain ideas.
These things come from feeding ideas also by the conventions of the heart.
This connection of the mind with the heart is what drives us to look at not just the brilliant and sleep, but also the dark and the hard.
Vanied Hawaii, the great leader god, talked about this.
He said, "When we were in East Europe suffering the oppression -- we had all kinds of things, but mostly what we needed was hope for the spirit of the spirit -- a willingness to be in despair sites and being tested.
Well, that orientation for spirit is practically in the heart of what I think, that even in communities like TED, must be engaged.
There is no disconnect that is related to technology and design, which allows us to be truly human if we don't pay attention to poverty, to exclusion.
Now I want to warn you that these thoughts make a much more challenging identity than if we ignore these things.
Let's find them.
I had the great privilege, being a very young lawyer to meet Rosa Parks to meet Ros.
These women are just meeting to speak.
Occasionally, the lady Carry called me, to tell me, Britain, comes the Signal Parks. We're going to meet us to speak.
You want to come and listen to me?"
I said, "Be lady. I do."
So she said, "Well, what do you do when you come from?"
I said, "I'll hear you."
So I went and just listened to them.
It was very completely, very string.
And in an occasion, I was there, listening to these ladies, and after a couple of hours, Ms. Parks headed to me and said, "Now Britain, I tell you that it's that idea of equality.
Tell me what you're trying to do."
And I started giving me my speech.
I said, "Well, we're trying to question injustice.
We try to help those who have been convicted of.
We're trying to confront prejudice and discrimination in the management of criminal justice.
We try to end up with the feelings of life, without parole.
We try to do something about death penalty about it.
We try to reduce the population in prisons.
We tried to end up with mass conditions."
I gave him all my best speech, and when I finished me, he looked at me and said, "Look at me."
And I said, "You will end up, very sentenced."
At that time, Ms. Carri leaned down, put the finger on the face and said, "That's why you have to be very bad!"
I think actually, the TED community has to be much more valuable.
We need to find a way to address those challenges, those problems, that suffering.
Because finally humanity depends on compassion for others.
I've learned some very simple things in my work.
I've been educated in simple things.
I've come to understand and believe that each one of us is higher than the worst we have made.
I think that's true for everybody on the planet.
I'm convinced that if somebody says a lie, it's not because it's a liar.
I'm sure if somebody takes something that doesn't belong to you, it's not that it's a shoe.
Even if somebody kills another, it doesn't be a base.
So I think there's a basic dignity in people who must be respected by law.
I also think that in many parts of this country and certainly in many parts of the world, the opposite of poverty is not the wealth.
That's not it.
I really think that in many parts of poverty is justice.
And finally, I think that even though it's very dramatic -- very beautiful, very string, very strange, is not going to be judged by our technology, by our designs, not for our intellectual or rational capacity.
At the end of a society, the character of a society, not the way we treat the rich and powerful and privileged but the way they treat poor people, the conditions, the prisoners.
Because it's in this context as we start to understand truly profound issues about what we are.
In occasions, I feel freedom. I'm going to end with a story.
Sometimes I do too much force.
I fell tired, like all.
Sometimes those ideas go beyond my reasoning in an important way.
I've been representing these kids who have been sentenced with a lot of drug.
I go to jail and I see my 13-year-old customers and 14 years who have been used to join them as adults.
And I start thinking, how can it be?
How can a judge come to someone in what isn't it?
The judge used it as an adult, but I see a child.
One night later, I was waking up thinking, for God, if the judge can become something that you're not, you have to have magical powers.
Yes, Britain, the judge has magical powers.
You should ask some of that.
As it was too late, I couldn't think right, but I started working on a motion.
I had a 14-year-old customer, a little bit, poor, black.
I started working in the motion, with a screening that said, "Mandate for my 14-year-old black client is treated as a 75 year-old private white white baseball.
In the kitchen I found that there had been driven behavior in the access, in the behavior of police and the process.
There was a bold line about how in this country there is no ethics but a whole lack of ethics.
The next morning I woke up thinking that inspiration would be a dream, or really write it?
For my horror, not only had it reduced, but he had sent it to the court.
About two months, I had already forgotten it.
And I finally decided -- God, I have to go to the cut for this stupid case.
I got into the car and I felt really shelly, unfortunate.
I went in the car to court.
I thought this would be very difficult and primary.
I finally came out of the car. He walked into the court.
I was going up the stairs when I found a older black man, it was the conservation of the trial.
When he saw me, he came up to me and said, "Who is you?"
I said, "I'm a lawyer." He replied, "Is you lawyer?" I said yes.
So I go to me and hug me.
And I joined my ear.
He said, "I'm proud of you."
I have to tell you now that that was regime.
That was deeply connected with my interior, with my identity with the ability that we all have from contributing to the community with a vision vision.
Well, I walked into the audience room.
When I came in, the judge saw me.
And he said, "Mr. Sting, you wrote this single match?"
I said, "Be Mr. I was me." And we started discussing it.
People started coming in. They were all indicated.
I was the one that had written those crazy.
The police prisons came along, automobiles.
Suddenly, without knowing how, the room was full of people, and all of them are funny because we talked about race, because we talked about poverty, because we talked about inequality.
With the eye of the eye he agreed to see the thought he was going and coming.
I looked out the window and he would hear all that bridge.
I kept walking down and for there.
Finally, this old black one, with the face of concern entered the room and sat behind me, almost at the table of lawyers.
About 10 minutes later, the judge made a recognition.
During the break, a touch of the subject was deployed because the lady had entered the room.
The assistant.
He said, "Child, what do you do in the audience room.
And the old black stood on his feet, looked at the assistant, looked at me and said, "I walked into this room of audience to tell this young man who keeps his view in the goal with signalism."
I have come to TED today, because I think many of you understand that the moral arc of the universe is very big, but it folds towards justice.
That we cannot be really human evolved if we don't care about human rights and dividend.
That our survival is linked to each other.
That our visions of technology, design and entertainment and creativity have to lead to the fruitions, compassion and justice.
And above all, to those of you who share this, I simply want to tell you that they keep the view in the goal with beer.
Thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You just heard and see an obvious desire of the audience, of this community, to help in your purposes to do something.
Something that's not a crash. What can we do?
BJ: There are several different opportunities.
If you live in the state of California, for example, there will be a reserve this spring, which is going to make an effort to restore the funds that are spent in passion policies.
For example, here in California, you're going to spend a billion dollars on death penalty in the next five years. One billion dollars.
And despite this, 40 percent of the cases of homicide don't grow in artists.
Fifty percent of the rapes don't get to anything.
Here's a chance of change.
This reference is going to propose that these funds are going to make the law of law, to security.
I think there's a very close opportunity.
CA: There has been a huge decline in crime in the United States, in the last three decades.
Part of the explanation is said that it has to do with the biggest incarceration rate.
What would you say to those who think that is?
BJ: Actually, the rate of crime with violence has remained relatively stable.
The great growth in mass incarceration in this country is not for violence.
It's the wrong war against drugs.
That's why this dramatic increase comes into the prison population.
And we let us convince for the rhetoric of punishment.
We have three legal causes to bring people to the perpetual chain, to steal a bicycle, by small crimes against ownership instead of making those resources back to their victims.
I think we need to do more to help victims of crime and not less.
It seems to me that our current philosophy about punishment does nothing for anyone.
I think that's the orientation that has to change.
CA: Brain, you've been excited about today here.
You're very inspiring.
Thank you very much for having come to TED. Thank you.
Announcer: They grow the threats by Bin Laden.
Announcer: Hambley 2: Hamble 3: The police throws O.C. spray gas.
Announcer: Cartographers displayed. Lock 5: Morphological crisis.
Announcer: social decision. Social decision.
Announcer: Lake 8, team -- Nick 9: Circuitors.
Several colonies. War to the needle. mass destruction.
Received. Bang. Finally. Egile.
Christians, dead. disaster.
Oh my God.
Peter Diana: These are just some of the clips I got in the last six months, and they could be in the last six days or the last six years.
The idea is that the media of press prefer to provide negative news because our minds pay attention.
And that responds to a very good reason.
In every second of each day, our senses get a lot more data than probably the brain can process.
And as nothing matters more than survive, the first standing of all that data is an old fragment of the temporal lobe called a army.
The amygdala is our early warning detector, the danger detector.
He orders and records all the information looking for something in the environment that could hurt us.
So from a dozen stories we will prefer to look at the negative.
That old sign of the press, "If there is blood, sells it's very true.
And because all digital devices provide negative news about seven days a week, 24 hours a day, it's not surprising that we are petabile.
No surprise that people think the world is going to be wrong.
But maybe it won't.
Maybe, instead, what really happens is that we get districts.
Maybe the enormous progress done in the last century for a series of forces is accelerating so that we have the potential to create a world of abundance in the next three decades.
I'm not saying that we don't have our good problems, climate change -- the extinction of species, the scarcity of water and energy, we certainly have them.
As human beings are very good at adding the problems and in the long run, we ended up with them.
We analyzed it in the last century to see where we go.
In the last hundred years, the average life is more than doubled -- the average income per capita per inflation has been translated around the world.
Child mortality has been reduced 10 times.
Also, the cost of food -- electricity, transportation and communications, has fallen to 10 to 1,000 times.
Steve Pinker showed us that we're living the most peaceful time in human history.
And Charles Kennedy that global literacy spent 25 to over 80 percent in the last 130 years.
We're really living an extraordinary time.
A lot of people forget that.
And we keep putting ourselves more and higher expectations of it.
In fact, we redefine the meaning of poverty.
Think about it, today, in America, much of the people who live under the poverty line have electricity, water, refrigerators, regions, mobile phones, air conditioning and cars.
The marine margins of the case of the past century, the planets on the planet, would never have dreamed with such luxury ones.
Support a lot of this is the technology and, lately, its exponential growth.
My good friend Ray Kurzweil showed that any tool that comes into information technology in this curve, the Moore's Law, and doubling the price performance in about 12 to 24 months.
That's why the mobile phone you have in the pocket is a million times cheaper and a thousand times faster than a 1970s.
Now look at this curve.
It's Moore's Law for the last hundred years.
I want you to look at two things in this curve.
First, the soft thing that is -- in good and bad times, in war and peace, in recession and depression and attachment.
It's the rapid computer result used to build computers faster.
It doesn't stop in any of the big challenges.
And even though it's embedded in a law on the left, it turns up to the top.
The growth rate of technology is more and faster.
And in this curve, the short of Moore's Law, there's a series of extraordinarily powerful technologies that we tell today.
The computer in the cloud, that my friends from Australia called infinite computing, sensors and networks, the robotics and their ability to democratize and distribute personalized production across the planet, the synthetic biology, the fuels, the vaccines and food, digital biology, names and the AIMS.
I mean, how many of you saw the victory in Japanese Jewish Washington, IB?
It was a piece.
I looked at the newspapers the best headline that I had.
And I loved this: Watson comes to human opposites."
"Now "Jeopardy" is not an easy game.
It plays with the killing of human language.
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the cloud, available for everyone on the phone.
Four years ago, here at TED, Ray Kurzweil and I, we launched a new university called Singapore University.
We teach these technologies to our students, and in particular, how they can use to solve the great challenges of humanity.
And every year we asked them to take a company, or a product or service, that can potentially affect the lives of a billion people in a decade.
Think about that, the fact that a group of students today can impact the life of a billion people.
Thirty years ago that would have sounded absurd.
Today we can point out a dozen companies that have already done it.
When I think about creating abundance, it doesn't mean creating luxury life for every single person on the planet, it's about creating a life of the possible.
It's about taking that that is scarce, and I'm going to make it abundant.
You see, scarcity is contextual and technology is a force that releases resources.
I'll give you an example.
It's a story of National II in the middle of the 1800s.
He's the guy on the left.
I invited the king of Simon.
National troops ate with silver, and the same National, with gold.
But the king of Simon, I ate with aluminum covers with aluminum covers in the air.
You see, aluminum was the most valuable metal on the planet, more than gold and plastic.
So the tip of the Montana to Washington is all of aluminum here.
You see, even though aluminum is seven percent of the Earth, it doesn't come as a pure metal.
It's linked by oxygen and scanners.
But then the electrons came and made the aluminum something so cheap that we use it as a desperate thing.
We projected this analogy to the future.
Let's think about energy scarcity.
Ladies and gentlemen, we're on a planet bathed for 5,000 times more energy than we use in a year.
They get to the Earth 16 energy pages every 80 minutes.
It's not about scale, but accident.
And there are good news.
This year, for the first time, the cost of solar energy in India is 50 percent less than the generation per tiny, 8,000 rupees versus 17 rupees.
The cost of solar energy 50 percent last year.
Last month, MIT published a study that shows that in the late parts of the United States, the solar electricity will cost six cents a pound per hour compared to the 15 cents of the national average.
And if we have energy abundance we also have water abundance too.
Let's talk now about wars through water.
Do you remember when Carl Sander pointed the Voyager spacecraft to the Earth, in 1990, after Saturn.
I took a famous picture. How did it call it?
"A pale blue point."
Because we live on a planet of water.
We live on a planet covered by 70 percent of water.
Yes, 95 percent is saltwater, two percent is ice, and we fight by five percent of the planet on the planet, but there's also a hope.
It's a technology available for not 10 or 20 years, but right now.
The nanotechnology comes, the names.
In a conversation with Dean Kamen this morning, one of the innovators of the branch, I would like to share with you, I gave me permission to do it, and his technology called Susanisha -- you know that -- it's the size of a small refrigerator.
It's able to generate 1,000 liters of drinking water per day from any source -- salt water, controlled water, a legal legal -- for less than two cents a gallon.
The president of Coke just agreed to make an important test of hundreds of these units in the developing world.
If that comes out well, and I have full confidence that it will be, Coke will implement it in 2006 countries on the planet.
This is an innovation that is populated by this technology that today.
And we've seen it in the phones.
My God, we're going to get to 70 percent penetration of mobile phones in the developing world.
Think about it, that mass warrior has better mobile communications in the middle of Kenya than President Reagan does 25 years ago.
And, of course, with a smart mobile phone with Google, it has access to more knowledge and information than President Clinton 15 years ago.
It lives in a world of information and communications that nobody could have predicted before.
Best than that, the things that you and I have paid tens and hundreds of thousands of dollars -- GPS video, HIV video, images, books of books and music, medical diagnostic technology, now they defore and lose market value with mobile phones.
Maybe the best thing comes when they get the health applications.
Last month, I had the pleasure to announce with the Polar Foundation, something called the X Pollen Trickstage, 10 million dollars.
We're challenging the teams of the world to combine these technologies in a mobile device with which they talk about, and because it has A.I. -- they can take off, they can extract blood from the finger.
To win it has to do better diagnosis than a certified medical team.
Imagine this device in the middle of the developing world where there are no doctors, where the carbon load is 25 percent, and there are 1.3 percent health workers.
When this device sequence a virus of RNA or DNA that doesn't recognize the health of health, and first of all, prevent the pandemic happening.
But this is the biggest force to produce a world of abundance.
I call it the one billion increasing.
The white lines here are the population.
We just spent the brand of the seven billion of the seven billion.
By the way, the best protection against demographic explosion is to give the world of education and health.
In 2010, we had less than two billion people online, connected.
By 2020, it's going to go from two billion to five billion users on the Internet.
Three billion minds never before they add to global conversation.
What would these people?
What would you do? What do you want to do?
And instead of an economic collapse, we will have the largest economic injection of history.
These people represent tens of billions of dollars injected in the global economy.
And they will get more health thanks to the Tricola, of a better education with the Khan Academy and because of the use of 3D printing and computing in the cloud will be more productive than ever before.
What can we provide with three billion more members of mankind, healthy and productive health and productive health professionals?
How about a few voices never before?
What if we give the oppressed. Where are they a voice to be heard and be able to act for the first time?
What will these 3,000 million do?
What if they're contributions that we can't predict.
Something that I learned with the X prize is that small teams are that small teams, guided by their passion with a clear goal, can do extraordinary things, things that could only do the big corporations and the governments.
I'm going to end up sharing a story that really excites me.
There's a program that maybe some of you know.
It's called Folding.
I emerged at the University of Washington, in Seattle.
It's a game where people can take a sequence of amino acids and figure out how to fold the protein.
The folds determine structure and function.
It's very important in medical research.
And so far, it was a problem of supercomputers.
They've played with this college teachers, among others.
Then hundreds of thousands of people went together and started playing it.
And it's shown that today, the recognition machinery of human patterns is better by folding proteins than the best computers.
Ladies and gentlemen, what gives me a huge trust in the future is that we have more power as people to take the great challenges on the planet.
We have the tools with this exponential technology.
We have the passion of the innovation of the branch.
We have the capital of the telecommunication.
And we have three billion new minds that will join us to work on the solution of the big challenges and do what we should do.
We have some extraordinary decades.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk about a very small idea.
I'm going to be the confusion of the particular point.
And as the idea can explain in a minute, I'll give you three examples to make time.
The first story is about Charles Darwin, one of my heroes.
He was here, as you know, in 1852.
Maybe they thought it was permissions, but it wasn't like that.
It actually collects fish.
And he described one of them as very common."
It was the memory.
I read it a lot until the 1880s.
Now the fish is at the Red Line of the WHO.
But we've heard this story many times, about Galapagos and other places, so that has nothing special.
But the case is we still came to the Galapagos.
We still think they are pressures.
The flashs still say they follow intact.
So what happens here?
The second story, also illustrates another concept.
Because I was there in 1971 studying a landscape in West Africa.
I was there because I grew up in Europe, and then I wanted to work in Africa.
I thought I could integrate it.
I burned up with the sun and I was convinced that I wasn't there.
This is my first exposure to the sun.
The sand was surrounded by palmalos, and as you can see, of a few mangrove man.
There were telescopes of about 20 centimeters -- the black bar television.
And the fishing of this television was very abundant and I was going for a good moment, so it was more than the average in Ghana.
When I went there 27 years after the amount of fish had gone down in half.
They killed the five centimeters.
They experienced a genetic pressure.
There were still fish.
In a way, they were still happy.
And the fish were still happy to be there.
I mean, nothing to change, but everything has changed.
My third story is that I was involved in the introduction of the drag fishing in the Asian Southeast Asia.
In the 1970s, they started in the 1960s -- Europe did a lot of development projects.
The fishing development was going to impose the countries that were already 100,000 fishermen -- to impose the Industrial fishing.
And this boat, pretty ugly -- the Mushroom 4.
I went out to fish in it, and we did studies in southern China in the Media of China, and especially in the Valley Sea.
And what we captured was something that we captured in there.
Now we captured -- I know, the bottom of the sea.
Ninety percent of what we captured were spaces, other animals that are at the bottom.
And the majority of fish are tiny blobs on a few remains, remains that are fish coral reefs.
In short, the sea floor came to the deck and then it was raised.
These images are extraordinary because the transition is very fast.
In one year, you do a study and then you start the commercial fishing.
The background happens to be a solid coral of soft coral, in this case, to be a local.
This is a dead turtle, right?
They didn't eat them. They downloaded them because they were dead.
Once we captured a living.
He wasn't stunned.
So they wanted to kill it because it was a good food.
This mountain of remains is what fishermen every time you go to an area where you have never fish.
But it's not documented.
We transform the world, but we don't remember it.
We adjust the game point, to the new level, without remembering what was there.
If we generalize this something like this.
On the axis, and we have good things -- biodiversity -- a lot of origins, the summer of the country, the water supply.
And that changes over time. It changes because people do things with nature.
Each generation will use the images of their conscious life as normal and extract it forward.
The difference is that they perceive loss.
But they don't perceive the loss that happened before.
You can analyze the rise of change.
And then at the end of the end to keep a few rest risks.
And that, in great measure, is we want to do now.
We want to keep things that no longer are, or they're not what they were.
But you should think that this problem affects people when the predatory societies kill animals without knowing what they've done to some generations later.
Because, obviously, an animal which is very abundant before you get extinct -- it's very frequent.
You don't lose abundant animals.
You lose an unusual little animal.
Even if this doesn't perceive as a great loss.
Over time, we focus on big animals, and in a synonymous sea of big fish.
They become a little bit frequent because we fish.
Over time you have a few fish, but we think that's the starting point.
And the question is, why do we accept this?
Well, because we don't know it was different.
In fact, a lot of people, scientists, would argue that it was very different.
And they will do it because evidence presented in an earlier way is not the way they expect it to have evidence.
For example, the anecdote that some of you expect, like a captain of such a little bit of fish in this area cannot be used, or usually you don't use the fish scientists, because it's not scientist."
So we have a situation where people don't know the past, although we live in self-assembled societies, because they don't trust the sources of the past.
From there the huge paper that can be able to fulfill a protected marine area.
Because with the protected marine areas, we really recreated the past.
We collected the past that people can't conceive because the point of the game has been running and it's extremely low.
That's for the people who can see a protected marine area and they can benefit from the vision that it provides -- which allows them to erase their point of participation.
And what about people who can't do it because they don't have access, like people in the Middle East, for example?
I think the arts and cinema can perhaps fill the vacuum.
This is a simulation of the Bay Bay of Charlings.
A long time ago, there were gray whales in the Chairence of Charlie, 500 years ago.
And you have noticed that mathematics and totalitations are like "Avatar."
And if you think about "Avalandous," if you think why people are moving with the movie without talking about the story of Potators -- why do you move with the pictures?
Because it raises something that, in a sense, has been lost.
So my recommendation -- the only one to give, is Cambridge, to make "Avatar II" underwater.
Thank you very much.
Hi. I'm Kevin Allen, the YouTube trend manager and I look at YouTube videos in a professional form.
It's true.
So today we will see why the videos are making viral and how important it is.
We all want to be stars, celebrities -- contacts, commands -- when I was younger, that seemed very, very hard.
But today the web is making any of us, or our actions, copper in a part of our global culture.
Anybody can make it famous on the Internet in a sandwich.
More than 48 hours of YouTube video per minute.
And, of those, only a little percentage is made viral -- it gets infinite visits and wins cultural moment.
How does that happen?
Three things: trends of trends and participation communities and surprise.
Well, let's start with.
Bear Vast: Oh, my God, God mine.
Oh my God!
Wow.
Oh, whoo woman, work."
KA: Last year, Bergen Vegay published this film out of his house in the National Park.
In 2010, it was seen 23 million times.
This graph shows the reproduction.
Beans is not proposed to make a viral video.
I just wanted to share a double rainbow.
That's what you do if you're called Mother Beardo.
I had published many videos of nature.
This video had been published in January.
So what happened here?
This was Jimmy Kimbab.
Jimmy Kimbabwe published this test that catches the video to popularity video.
The trends of trends like Jimmy Kimbable presents us new and interesting things and they bring them into a wider audience.
Rebecca Black:  It's Friday Friday -- you have to start the Friday Friday --   Everybody wants the weekend on the weekends, the weekend.   Verset: Friday --   KA: You don't think we could have this conversation without talking about this video, I hope.
Venters of Republic Black is one of the most popular videos in the year.
They saw it almost 200 million times this year.
This graph shows the use of use.
Like "Down you go "Dubai, this video seemed to have emerged from nothing.
So what happened this day?
Well, it was Friday -- it's true.
And if you ask for those other peaks are also Friday too.
But what happened this day, this particular Friday coming?
Well, it took Toesti and many blogs started writing about it.
Michael J. Nelson from Microsoft Science Telescope, was one of the first people to do a joke about video on Twitter.
But what's important is that one person or a group of trends of trends adopt a point of view and share it with a wider audience, accelerating the process.
So, this community of people who share this great internal joke then starts talking about that and doing things.
And now there are 10,000 pieces of Vietnamers on YouTube.
Just in the first seven days, there was a parody for each of the other days.
Unlike the wireless entertainment of the 20th century, this community participation is our way of being part of the phenomenon by spreading it or doing something new with that.
"No Catholic is a repetitive animation with a music agree.
That's so that's it.
This year was about 50 million times.
And if you think that's rare, you know there's a three hours version of four million times.
Until cats saw this video.
And there are cats that saw other cats to see the video.
But the important thing here is the creativity I woke up between the Internet Internet of the Internet.
There were remotes.
Somebody did a version of the old one.
And then it became international.
Suddenly, it came up with a whole community of romance that made this happen from being a silly joke to something that we all can be part of it.
Because today we don't just enjoy, we participate.
Who could have predicted something like this?
Who could have predicted "Arab "The Dough Day Do Dough, or Recondition Black or "Nairado?"
What did you have written that controlling this situation?
In a world where two days of video is coming up by the minute for minutes, only that really unique and unexpected can take away from the way these things have done it.
When a friend told me that I had to see this great video of a guy who protests against the colors to riders in New York, I admit that I don't really care too much.
Casey Sin, I was beaten by not circular for the bike, but often there are obstacles that prevent you to circulate the bicycle.
KA: Thank you to the surprise effect and your humor, Casey Singalo managed five million to see and understand your idea.
So this approach is worth all the new things we do in a creative way.
And all of this leads to a big question.
Bear Vast: What does this mean?
Oholi.
KA: What does this mean?
Transparency creators -- creative communities of participation, which is totally unexpected, are characteristic of a new kind of media, from a new culture, to which we all have access and is the audience that defines popularity defines the audience.
As I said earlier, one of the current celebrities in the world, Justin Boy, started on YouTube.
They don't ask permission to express their ideas.
Now we're all a little bit of our pop culture.
These are not the characteristics of the old media, just the ones of the current media, but define the entertainment of the future.
Thank you.
This is not a finished story.
It's a puzzle that is still being started.
Let me tell you about some of the pieces.
Imagine the first piece -- a man burning the work of a whole life.
It's a poet, a drug, a man whose entire life had been supported in the unique hope of the unit and freedom of their country.
Imagine that as the communities come into San, they would find the fact that their life had been totally in vain.
The words, for so long friends, now they would get it.
It represented in silence.
He died by the story.
He's my grandfather.
I never met it.
But our lives are much more than our memories.
My grandmother never allowed me to forget his story.
My task was not to let that have been in the van, and my lesson was to learn that the story tried to get them off, but we had it.
The next part of the puzzle is about a boat when they are going to increase simplishing by the sea.
My mother, Maha, had only 18 years old when his father died, and a controlled marriage and two little girls.
For her, life had gone down to a task -- the escape of his family and a new life in Australia.
It was inconceivable for her that I couldn't do it.
And after a four-year salima that defies fiction, a boat was decentralized to the sea desert sea ship.
All the adults knew the risks.
The biggest fear of the paradises, the rape and death.
Like most adults, my mother took a fragment with poison.
If you were captured, first of us would take my sister and I, and then she and my grandmother.
My first memories are from that boat, the constant rate of the engine, the proposal switching in every wave and the vast horizon.
I don't remember the paints that came several times, but they were embedded with the courage of men in our boat, or the engine dying and not able to pluck for six hours.
But I remember the lights of the oil platform in front of the coast of Malaysia, and the young man who collapsed and died, to fund the journey was too much for him, and the first apple I tried, given by the men of the platform.
No apple had the same flavor.
After three months in a refugee camp, we broke in Meloto.
And the next piece of the puzzle is about four women over three generations in the form of the form of new together.
We set up in Foldscape, a classroom of open class whose population is composed by immigrants.
Unlike average class suburbs, whose existence I knew, in Foldscape, had no sense of the right.
The smells that came from the stores were the rest of the world.
And the fragments of environmental English was traded between the people who had one thing in common: they were starting again.
My mother worked in farms, then on a car assembly line, working six days, double turn.
Yet, I found time to study English and get a title on IT -- the information of information.
We were poor.
All of the dollars were assigned and established an extra tumor in English and mathematics, no matter what you should take off, which was generally a new clothes, it was always a second hand.
Two pairs of media for school, one to hide the holes of the other.
A school uniform to the talents, because I had to last six years.
And there were weird songs and painful pains about the "Rosettacks and some graffiti -- Asian, come home.
Where?
Something in me was struggled.
I was accumulating determination and a voice that said, "I'm going to get them."
My mother, my sister and I slept in the same bed.
My mother was exhausted, but we told us about our day and we heard the movements of our grandmother in the house.
My mother suffered nightmare, all the boat.
And my task was to be awake until his nightmares would start to wake up.
She opened a computer shop, then I studied to be skeptical and opened another business.
And women came with their stories about men who couldn't do the transition and angry, and inflated kids trapped between two worlds.
They were looking for subsidies and pathogens.
And they created centers.
I lived in parallel worlds.
In one, it was the classic Asian student, implanted with what I fell from myself.
In the other one, I was streaming in high lives, tragic the driver of drugs and transition.
But many received aid over the years.
And for that work, when I was studying my last year of lawyer, I was elected by the young Australian young man.
And I was catch from a piece of the puzzle to the other, but his edges didn't fit.
So Le, I resident analyst from Foldscape, it was now so Le, refugee and social activist, invited to speak in sites that I never heard of, and at home whose existence she had never imagined.
I didn't know the protocols ...
I didn't know how to use the deck.
I didn't know how to talk about wine.
I didn't know how to talk about anything.
I wanted to go back to the routine rituals and the comfort of life in an ignored suburb -- a grandmother, a mother and two daughters finishing the day as they did for almost 20 years, telling me about the day of each one and getting asleep, the three still in the same bed.
And I told my mom I couldn't do it.
He reminded me that I had now the same age that she had when we came up with the boat.
The noise has never been an option.
He said, "I said, "And you're not what you don't be."
So I talked about youth and education and desertification to the marginalized and the preserved.
And the more frankly I talked about, the more I was an opportunity to speak.
I met people from all walks of life, many of them doing what they loved living in the border of the possible.
And although I finished my license, I realized I couldn't stay in a lawyer race.
There had to be another piece of the puzzle.
And I realized at the same time that it is okay to be a decline, a newly arrived, new on the scene -- and not just it's good, but it's something that will be grateful, maybe a gift of the boat.
Because being inside it can easily mean to collect the horizon, it can easily mean to accept the assumptions of your province provider.
I gave enough steps outside of my comfort zone to know that, yes, the world is determined, but not the way we do.
Possibilities that they wouldn't have been allowed were the tremendous album.
There was an energy there, an inclusive optimism -- a rare mixture of humility and bravery mixture there.
So I followed my intuition.
He went along with a little group of people who the motto cannot do was an irresistible challenge.
For a year we didn't have a cents.
At the end of every day, I did a giant soup that we all share.
We worked up until the night.
Most of our ideas were crazy, but some brilliant ones, and we opened up.
I made the decision to move to the United States.
After a single journey.
My hearts again.
Three months later I had moved me, and the adventure continued to continue.
Before I finish, let me tell you about my grandmother.
She grew up in a time where Congress was the social norm and the local Mandarin was the person who matters.
Life had not changed for centuries.
His father died shortly after she was born.
The mother raised it.
By the age of 17, he became a Congo whose mother hit it.
No support of his husband, they caused a record to demand it and take the cause of it, and much more resurrecting caused when they win.
He can't do it to be wrong.
I was in the shower at the fourth of a hotel in Sydney when she died, 1,000 miles, in Melconol.
I looked through the picture of the shower and I saw her standing on the other side.
I knew I had come to me.
My mother called minutes later.
Days later, we went to a Buddhist temple in Fold and sat around their air.
We told him stories and we made sure we were still with it.
At night a monkey came up and told us that he had to close the air.
My mother asked us to feel their hand.
He asked the mountain, "Why is her hand hot, and the rest of the body so funny?"
"Because you've taken your hand since the morning, he said.
"Don't have submitted."
If there's a nerve in our family, that runs through women.
Given who we were and how life formed, we can now see that the men who had come to our lives would have frustrated us.
The defeat had easily happened.
Now I want to have my own kids, and I wonder about the boat.
Who could wish that for you?
However, I fear the privilege of the easy, the right.
Can I give you a test in your lives, rising brave in every wave -- the really complete pace of the engine, the vast horizon that doesn't guarantee anything?
I don't know.
But if I could take it and look at it, I would do it.
Tragic Kenyans, and also the mother of that is today here, in the fourth or fifth line.
My story starts in Radio about two years ago.
I was in the desert, under the star sky, with the Holocaust Ali single source.
We were talking about how nothing has changed from the time of ancient Indian Ebola English individual.
In those days when Indians wanted to travel to a car, and we got the sky.
Now we do it with airplanes.
At that time, when I articulate, the big Indian warrior indicate, he had sea, he took a bow and with a floor on the ground, he got water.
Now we do the same with drill and machines.
The conclusion we took was that the machinery had replaced magic.
And that blew me a lot.
Every time I felt a little bit more tender.
I was terrified by this idea of losing the ability to enjoy and appreciate a loss if I didn't have the camera, if I couldn't touch my friends.
It seemed to me that technology had to allow magic, not kill it.
As a child, my grandfather gave me his ball silver block.
And this technology piece of 50 years was for my most magical thing.
It became a golden door towards a world full of images and pirate and bankers in my imagination.
I had the feeling that the mobile phone, the luxury clocks and the cameras prevent that we are.
They provide our inspiration.
So I came up with this tech world to see how to use it to create magic, rather than killing it.
I illustrate books since the 16 years.
So when I saw the iPad, I saw a narrative device capable of connecting the readers in the entire world.
You can know how we take the book.
Where we are.
Put the text with the image, the animation, the sound and the touch.
Narrator becomes increasingly mortality.
But what does that mean?
I'm about to launch Koshuature, an interactive application for iPad.
He says, "Take your fingers on every light.
And so --  says, "This box belongs to you." I write my name.
And so I get a character of the book.
In several times, I get a card -- the iPad, knows where I live thanks to GPS -- that comes to me.
My inner girl is excited with all these possibilities.
I've talked a lot about magic.
And I don't mean magicians and drugs, but to that magic of childhood, to those ideas that we open from children.
For some reason, fireflies in a jar always became exciting to me.
So over here, we have to instill the iPad.
And really, they illuminate your way in what the book remains.
Another idea that I was fascinated by as a girl was that a whole galaxy blamed in a boxes.
So here, every book and every book is transformed into a ball that I dragged into this magic device, within the device.
And this opens a map.
In all of the phantom books there have always been maps, but they've been static maps.
This is a map that grows up, fluid and guide you during the rest of the book.
In certain points of the book also reveals.
Now I'm going to go in.
Another very important aspect for me is to create Indian content and contemporary content.
These are the beats here.
We all have heard of the fairies and the children, but how many people out of India know their Indian contrasts, they were absolutely applied?
These poor applications have been trapped in the cameras of India for millennia, in an old and shined book.
So we're bringing them back into a contemporary child story.
In a story that deals with current issues like environmental crisis.
And talking about environmental crisis, one of the problems over the last 10 years has been that children have been locked up, attached to their P.C. -- they haven't come out to the outside world.
But now with mobile technology, we can take our children into the natural world with their technology.
One of the interactions of the book is this adventure where you have to go out to the outside, take the camera or the iPad, and collect images of different natural objects.
As a child, I had a lot of collections -- calls, shoes, fluctuations and contacts.
For some reason kids don't do it.
So to recover this childhood ritual you have to go out, and in a chapter, take a picture to a flower and then label it.
In another chapter, you have to take a picture of a piece of cortex and then tag it.
So you create a digital collection of pictures that you can then put on the Web.
A Chinese kid puts a picture of a zoo and says, "Oh, I saw a corro."
A child from India says, "I saw a monkey."
And you create this sort of social network around a collection of digital pictures that you've been taking.
Inside of the connection variations between magic, Earth and technology are many possibilities.
In the next book we have an interaction in which you go out with the iPad and the video switched out and through reality, you see a group of animated advantages that appear on the inner plants of the house.
At a moment, the screen is full of leaves.
And you have to make the sound of the wind and shoot them so you can read the rest of the book.
We're going to a world where the forces of nature are entertainable with technology and magic and technology is one to another.
We took the energy of the sun.
We're approaching our children and ourselves to the natural world and that magic and joy and child love that we felt through a simple story.
Thank you.
I want to talk to you about why a lot of health projects fail.
And I think, really, that the most important thing about that is we stopped listening to patients.
And one of the things we did at Ralei University was to tell a director of the listening.
And not in a very scientific way, she runs a little cup of coffee or tea and asked patients and family and known, what happens?
"How can we help it?
And we tend to think, this is one of the biggest problems for what everyone, or maybe not all, but most of the health projects fail, because we stopped listening.
This is my William sculpture. It's a very simple thing.
It has a piece of line and off.
Every morning I got up.
And yes, I have a challenge as you can see.
I got the challenge to get to 95 kilograms to me.
But it's so simple, every time I get connected, I send my information to Google Health information.
And my medical doctor has access to him too. So he can see what my weight problem is, not at the same time when you need heart assistance or some urgency of that style but see it backwards.
But there's something else.
Like some of you know, I have more than 4,000 followers on Twitter.
So every morning I connect to my Wi-Fi muscle, and before I go up to my car, people start talking to me, Licaby, today I think you need a light lunch.
That's the best thing that can happen, because it's pressure of pairs used to help patients, because it could be used for obesity, and also for patients to stop smoking.
On the other hand, it can be employed to move people in their chair and together develop some recreational activity to have more control of their health.
From the next week I will be available.
This little banker connected to an iPhone or another device.
And people can can, from their homes, take their blood pressure, send them to their doctor, and share them with others, for example, for 100 dollars.
This is the point where patients assume a position, they come back to recover control and to be captain of their own boat, but it can also help us care because of the challenges that we face, as the firing of the cost of medical attention, the doubling of demand and other issues.
It will make techniques that are simple to use and start with this to engage patients in the team.
And you can do it with techniques like this, but also by crossing.
And one of the things we did would like to share with you with a video.
We all have narcolonization controls in cars.
Maybe we even have them in our phones.
We know perfectly where ATMs are in Mardionali.
And also where all the gas gas are.
And of course, we can find fast food chains.
But where is the nearest DNA in the closest to help this patient?
We asked it, but nobody did.
No one knew where to get the DNA saving lives right now.
So what we did was we made crossing in the Netherlands.
We created a website, and we asked the audience to go, you see a DNA, please send them up, tell them where, and when it's open, because sometimes they open in office hours and others are closed.
And over 10,000 dollars already presented in the Netherlands, in the Netherlands.
The next step was to look for the application for that.
And we did an app for the iPad.
We created an app for Larrina, augmented reality, to find these DNA.
And every time you're in the city of Martin and someone collapses, you can use your iPhone, and you can use the next weeks to use your cell phone to find the nearest DNA, what you can save lives.
And from today, I want to present this one, not just like DNA 24, which is the name of the product, but also like DNA.
And we want to start at the global level.
We're looking at all the colleagues in the world, in other universities, to help us find, work and act as a center for the condom of the DNA around the world.
Every time you're on vacation and someone collapses, it can be a relative or someone in front of you, you can find it.
I also wanted to invite companies around the world that could help us value these DNA.
You could be a message service or a phone people, for example, to see if the DNA that's shown is still in its place.
Please help us in this and not only improve health, but take control of it.
Thank you very much.
I'm here to share my photograph.
Or is it the photograph?
Because, of course, they're photographs that you can't take with your cameras.
My interest for photography was woke up with my first digital camera at 15 years.
He mixed with my passion before the drawing, but it was a little bit different because using the camera the process was in planning.
And when you take a photograph with a camera the process ends up when the pulse is presented.
For me, photography had more to do with being in the right place, at the right time.
It seemed to me that anybody could do it.
And so I wanted to create something different, a process that would start by pressing the pulse of the thumb.
photos like this: A building in a very transparent road.
But it has an unexpected turn.
And despite that, it keeps a level of reality.
Or pictures like these -- dark and colorful colors, but with the common objective of keeping the level of reality.
And when I say reality I say physicist.
Because, of course, it's not something that I can capture but I always want it to be captured in some way as a photograph.
photos where you have to think about a moment to discover the trick.
It has more to do with capturing an idea that will capture a moment.
But what is the trick that makes them really real?
Is it the details or the colors.
Does the light?
What does the illusion create it?
Sometimes the illusion is perspective.
But at the end is our way to interpret the world and how you can perceive in a two-dimensional surface.
It's actually not about whether it's realistic but what we think is realistic.
So I think the foundations are very simple.
I see it as a puzzle of reality where we take different pieces of reality and put them together to create an alternative reality.
I'll show you a simple example.
Here we have three perfectly imagination, something that we can all relate to the three-dimensional world.
But combined in a certain way can create something that still seems three-dimensional as if it was.
But at the same time, we know that there is no exist.
So let's take the brain because the brain doesn't accept the fact that it doesn't really make sense.
And I see the same process by combining photographs.
It really consists to combine different reality.
And the things that make a picture look really realistic I think are those where we don't even think, the things that surround us in our everyday life.
But by combining photographs is very important to consider it, because otherwise something looks bad.
So I would like to say that there are three simple rules that will continue to get realistic results.
As you can see, these images are not very special.
But combined, you can create something like this.
So the first rule is that photos combination must have the same perspective.
Second, the combined pictures must have the same kind of light.
And these two images with these recognitions, they were taken at the same height and the same kind of light.
The third point is to make it impossible to distinguish the principle and the end of the different images with a perfect universe.
It has to be impossible to see where the image.
This is another example.
I could think that this is the image of a landscape and the lower part is manipulated.
But this picture is totally composed by photographs of different places.
I think it's easier to create a place than finding it because you don't need to put in danger the ideas that you have in your head.
But it requires a lot of planning.
And as I thought this idea in winter knew that I had several months to plan it, to find the different locations for the pieces of the puzzle.
For example, the fish was captured on a fishing journey.
The costs are from a different location.
The underwater part was captured in a piece of stone.
And yes, I even did red the house on the top of the island so that it seems more Sweden.
So to get a realistic outcome, I think it takes planning.
It always starts with a block, an idea.
Then you have to combine the different pictures.
And here every piece is very well thought.
If you do a good job when you take the pictures the result can be very beautiful, and at the same time a very realistic job.
All the tools are there and the only limit is our imagination.
Thank you.
I'll start showing a slide about technology, very boring.
Please if you can put it.
It's a diagram anybody I took from a folder.
I'm not really interested in showing you the details but the general thing.
This is an analysis that we were doing about the power of MRI microscopes versus the power of local areas.
What's interesting about this is that this is, as many other people we tend to see, is kind of a straight line on a logarithmic scale.
In other words, every step here represents an order of magnitude on the performance scale.
To talk about technology with seminal curves is a novel thing.
Here's something weird happens.
And that's what I'm going to talk about.
Please get the lights.
It would need more intensity because writing on paper.
Why do we plot technological curves in logarithmic scale?
The answer is that if you draw them into a normal curve in which we say, these are the years, or some of the time unit, and this would be any measure of technology that I'd like to play, the diagram would look something ridiculous.
It would be something like this.
much.
But if you graph, for example, some other technology, like transportation, in a semi-oriental curve would be very dumb, we would see a straight line.
But if something like this, it gets a qualitative change.
If the transportation technology will move as fast as microbial technology, we could take a taxi and be in Tokyo in 30 seconds.
But it doesn't move to that rhythm.
There are no precedent in the history of technological development of a remarkable growth that every few years advanced orders of magnitude.
The question I want to deal with is looking at these exponential curves -- we see that they don't follow forever.
It's not possible to support this change as fast as it goes.
One of two things.
Or it will become a typical curve -- I know this until it gets something completely different, or maybe it will do something like that.
That's all that can happen.
I'm optimistic, so I think maybe something like this.
So, now we would be in the middle of a transition.
In this line we're in a transition of what used to be the world in a new way.
So what I'm trying to ask, and ask you, is, what is that new way that I embrace the world?
How new is the world driven?
The transition seems very, very confused if we're embedded in it.
I remember as a child in the year 2000 and people used to talk about what would happen in 2000.
This is a conference where people talk about the future and see that the future remains the year 2000.
That's all we see.
In other words, the future has been completed, year after year, throughout my life.
But I think it's because we feel something is happening.
And we can feel a transformation.
And we know it doesn't make a lot of sense to think about 30 or 50 years because it will all be so different than extracting what we're doing today doesn't make any sense.
So I want to talk to you about how it might be, how it could be that transition that we experiment.
But to do that, I will have to talk a little bit about things that don't have a lot to do with technology and computer.
Because I think the only way to understand it is to take distance and look at things in the long term.
The time scale I would like to do is the time of life on Earth.
I think this image makes sense if we look at it every billion years.
So we went back about 2.5 billion years when the Earth was a great sterile rock with many chemicals that float around it.
If we look at the way that we organize those chemicals we give us an idea of how things happened.
And I think there are theories to start to understand the origin with RNA -- I'm going to tell you a simple version of this, and it is that, at that time, it had floating an oil droplet with all kinds of chemical recipes inside.
Some of those oil droplet had a particular combination of chemicals that made them incorporate materials from the outside, and so the droplets grew up.
And they began to divide.
In a sense, those were the most primitive cell forms -- those oil grandmothers.
But those tiles were not alive, in the current sense, because each one of them contained a random of chemicals.
And every time they were divided by an unequal distribution of the chemicals that they have.
So every drop was a little different.
In fact, the droplets that somehow were defined by being better at the time to incorporate the chemical cyberspaces, they grew more, they built more chemicals and they divide more.
They generally lived longer, they were more represented.
It was a form of life, chemical life, very simple, but things got interesting when these droplets learned the trick of abstraction.
In some ways that we don't understand these graphs really learned to store information.
They learned to keep information, which was the recipe of the cell, in a special chemistry called DNA.
In other words, they worked in this meaningless evolution -- a writing system that allowed them to register what they were to be able to replicate it.
The amazing thing is that that writing system seems to have remained stable since it evolved two billion years ago.
Our recipe, our genes, have exactly the same code, that same writing system.
In fact, every living living is expressed with exactly the same set of letters and the same code.
And one of the things I did just for fun. We can now write things with this code.
So here I have 100 white dust microseconds that I try to hide to the security people of the airport.
But it goes. I took this code -- the code has the common letters that we used to use in this -- and I wrote my personal data in this display of DNA and amplify it 10 at 22 times.
So if someone wants 100 million copies of my personal card -- I have a lot for all the present, in fact, for every person in the world, and it's here.
If it was a sign that would have put it on a virus and would have spread it through the room.
What was the next step.
Writing DNA was an interesting step.
This made these cells happy.
But then another big step happened in which things got very different, and it was that these cells started exchanging and communicating information forming the cells of cells.
I don't know if you know, but bacteria can exchange DNA.
That way, for example, evolved antibiotic resistance.
Some bacteria found a way to avoid penicillin and put them back to create their little DNA with other bacteria, and now there are many resistant to penicillin because bacteria communicate.
This communication gave place to form communities that were in a way, they were together in that, and they established a synergy.
That way they survived or failed together, or it was that if a community was very successful all of the individuals in that community became more and favorite for evolution.
And the tipping point happened when these communities came up so much that, in fact, they got together and decided to write the entire community recipe together in a chain of DNA.
The next stage stage for life took another billion years.
And in that stage we have molecular communities, communities of many different cell types.
In fact, we are a molecular community.
We have many cells that don't act alone.
The skin cell doesn't serve without the heart, or the muscles or the brain, etc.
So these communities evolved and produced more interesting levels than the cell phone, something we call an organism.
The next level happened within these communities.
These started to absorb information.
And to build very special structures that they didn't do more than processing information in community.
It's the neural structures.
The neurons are the devices that actually process information that those cell communities built.
In fact, they began to specialize within the community being the strategies responsible to register and understand and convey information.
Those were the brains and the nervous system of those communities.
And that gave them an evolutionary advantage.
Because at that time as individuals, the learning was confined to the duration of an organism, and not the period of evolutionary time.
So an organism could say, for example, learning not to eat a certain fruit because I knew bad and sick the last time I ate it.
That could happen during the life of an organism because they had built these information processing structures that for evolution would have learned for hundreds of thousands of years by the death of individuals who ate that fruit.
So the fact that the nervous system builds those straight information structures enormously the evolutionary process.
Because evolution could now happen to an individual.
It could happen in time needed to learn.
But then, of course, individuals discovered the trick of communication.
So for example, the most refined version we know is human language.
If we think about it, it's an incredible invention.
I have a very complicated idea a vague idea, in the head.
I'm here sitting here by making a bunch of groups, and hopefully building a similar idea, vague and confusing, in their heads that I kept with some analogy with mine.
But we take something very complicated about it in sound, in sound, and we produce something very complicated in another brain.
That now allows us to start working like an organism.
In fact, as a humanity, we've started to do abstract.
We now go through similar periods to the multicellular organisms, we abstract our methods of record, presentation and information processing.
For example, language invention was a little step in that direction.
The phone, the computation, the video tape, the CDO, etc., are the specialized mechanisms that we now build to manage that information.
And that brings us into something much larger and faster and able to evolve more than we did before.
Now evolution can happen in microbes.
You saw the evolutionary example of the Ted in which it produced some evolution with the Congress program, to our eyes.
And now we've accelerated time scales again.
The first stages of the story I told you took a billion years each.
The next stages, the nervous system and the brain, took a few hundred million years.
The next one, the language etc., took less than a million years.
And the next ones like the electronics seems to take just a few decades.
The process is forget. I guess it's the right word to name something that accelerates its own pace of change.
The more change, the faster it does.
And I think that's what we look at in this explosion of the curve.
We see the process is forget.
But I make my life designing computers and I know that the mechanisms that I work to design them would not be possible without recent computer advances.
But now design objects of such complexity that would be impossible for me in a conventional way.
I don't know it does every transistor in that connection machine.
There are billions of millions.
Instead of that, with the Denmarkness Machines, we think of a level of abstraction -- we put it in the machine and the machine with that does something that you couldn't do before, it gets much further and faster than ever before.
In fact, sometimes I employ methods that we don't even understand well.
A particularly interesting method that I've been using is the evolution itself.
We put into the machine an evolutionary process that operates on the scale of the microbial.
And for example, in the most extreme cases, we can evolve a program from a random institution of instructions.
We say, "Please computer, you can run a hundred million sequence of instructions of instruction?
Could you run these sequences of instructions to random and execute all those programs, and take those that are more about what we want to do?"
In other words, I define what I want.
Let's say I want to order numbers, to put a simple example.
So we found the programs that are more approaching to order numbers.
Of course, it's unlikely that some random sections of instructions, order numbers, so none of them succeeded.
But one, luckily, could bring two numbers in the right order.
And I said, Computer, you could take 10 percent of those random sequences that better did the task better?
We put those and we feed the rest.
And now we reproduce the ones that are best ordered the numbers.
And we went back to them following a recognition process for soldiers."
Let's take two programs, which make children, who are exchanging suburbands, and children inherit the properties of both programs.
So we got a new generation of programs of programs of programs that had a little bit more successful.
And we say, "Please repeat the process."
It calculated again.
I put some mutations into the interaction.
And it tries again and it tries to go back with another generation.
Well, every generation takes a few milliseconds.
So I can do the equivalent of millions of years of evolution in a few minutes, or in complicated cases, in a few hours.
At the end, we ended up with programs that order numbers in absolutely perfect ways.
In fact, they are a lot more efficient programs than I could have written by hand.
If I look at those programs I can't tell how they work.
I've tried to analyze them to see how they work.
These are dark programs, strange programs.
But it turns out the comet.
In fact, I know, I have the security of the target because they come from a lineage of hundreds of thousands of programs that did it.
In fact, their lives depended on doing it.
He once went in a 747 with Martin Minister and he pulled a card and says, "Look at this.
He says, "This plane has hundreds of thousands of participants that work together to offer a safe flight, doesn't make you feel that?"
We know that engineering processes don't work very well when they get complicated.
So we started to depend on computers to make good design processes.
And that allows us to produce things much more complex than normal engineering.
However, we don't understand the whole options that there are.
In that sense, it goes ahead of us.
Now we use those programs to make computers much faster, and so we can execute these programs much more quickly.
It is forever.
The thing gets faster and faster, and so I think it seems so confusing.
Because all of these technologies are forget.
We're taking off.
And we're at an analog moment to the online organisms when they become molecules.
We're the love and we can't understand what the hell we're creating.
We're at the tipping point.
But I think something comes behind us.
I think it would be very arrogant about our part to think that we are the final product of evolution.
And I think that all of us are part of the creation of whatever it is.
But now comes the lunch and I think I'm going to stop here before they feed me.
I think we have to do something with a part of the medical culture that has to change.
And I think this starts with a doctor, and that's me.
And I've run enough time to allow me to be part of my fake press in that.
Before I treat my talk, let's talk a little bit of baseball.
Why not?
We're near the end of the end, the World series.
We love baseball, right?
The baseball is full of amazing statistics.
There are hundreds of statistics.
He's going to come out of "Transportation the rules, talk about statistics and use them to form a big baseball team.
I will focus on one of them, and I hope many of you know it.
It's called battery average.
And we talked about 300 of a battery that battery 300.
That means that the British Bird effective, three of 10 times.
That means throwing the ball into the game field without being caught -- and anyone who's trying to bring it up to the first base is not time, and the second base will be saved.
Three attempts of 10.
Do you know how you call a 300-dollar battery in the Great Licables?
Well, really good, maybe the team of stars.
Do you know how you call a Beatric Battle back of 400?
By the way, that's somebody who is 10 beaches, it takes four.
Legand -- like the legendary Ted Williams, the last player of the Great League League to execute more 400 hits in a regular season.
Now we bring this into my medicine world where I feel much more comfortable or perhaps less uncomfortable, after what I'm going to tell you today.
Suppose they have approaches and they're derived to a surgeon that has also a 400 record in approaches.
So it doesn't work, right?
Now suppose that they live in a remote place and a loved place has two ordinary coronary arteries and his family doctor derived it to a cardiologist whose record in angry is 200 percent.
But you know something?
She's actually improving this year.
And their actions have been 257.
This is not working.
But I'll ask you.
What do you think should be the average of a heart surgeon from a heart surgeon or a private surgeon or a gene obstacle?
1900, very good.
And the truth of the issue is that nobody in all medicine knows the tapes of a good surgeon or a doctor or a parameter.
What we do, though, is to send them into the world, and I include it, with the wisdom of being perfect.
That never, never, they make a mistake and worry about figuring out how to do it well.
That was the message I was absorbed when I was in medical school.
I was a computer observational.
Once, a fellow in high school said that Brian Goldman was studying until a blood test.
Like that.
I was studying in my little development, at the reserve of the General Hospital of Toronto, not far from here.
And I learned everything of memory.
From my kind of anatomy -- I memorize the origin and the muscle work, the branching of every artery that comes out of the arm, the diagnosis of the difference often and the non-computer difference.
And I even knew the dynamic diagnosis about how to classify the kidney substance.
And meanwhile, more and more knowledge.
And I was very good. I graduated with honor.
And in medicine school with the impression that if you memorize everything, then you would know everything, or the most possible, close to everything, because so I'm going to imagine the mistakes.
And it worked for a while, until I met the Dragon lady.
I was resident in a university hospital here, in Toronto, when they brought the Seadble lady to the emergency service where I was working.
At that time, I was assigned to the cardiology service.
And when the emergency has been able to take a cardiologist to me to go to that patient.
It will inform the head of residents.
When I saw the Drew Shadow, I was capitalizing.
I heard a sound.
And when I saw it, I heard a sound sound on both sides, which led me a cognitive heart failure.
In these conditions, the heart stops working, and instead of bombing blood forward, blood goes to the lungs, these are filled with blood, and that's why there's difficulty to breathe.
And it wasn't hard to diagnose it.
I did it and I went to work in the treatment I would give him.
He gave him aspiration and medication to alleviate pressure in his heart.
I gave it diagnostics, water pills so that I could eliminate liquid limited.
And in an hour or two, she started feeling better.
And I felt very good.
And there it was when he made the first mistake. He sent her to his house.
I actually made two more mistakes.
He sent her to his house without talking to the chief of residents.
He didn't raise the phone, I didn't do what I should have done, which was to call my boss and get it to him so that she saw her.
And if my boss would have seen it, it would have been able to put a complementary information.
Maybe I did it for a good reason.
Maybe I didn't want to be a resident that would require constant attention.
Maybe I wanted to be so successful and able to take responsibility, that I could take care of my patients without even contact my boss.
The second mistake I made was worse.
When he sent her home, I didn't pay attention to a voice in my inner who said, Goldite, it's not a good idea. Don't do it."
In fact, I was so insecure that I was asking the nurse to take care of the Shadow Shadow, "Do you think it's okay if you go to your home?"
And the nurse thought and then said with total nature, "Yes, I think I'll be right."
I remember that as if it was yesterday.
So he signed up the high, and the ambulance along with the drugs took her home.
And I went back to the hospital room.
The rest of that day, that afternoon, had a bad presence in the stomach.
But I kept with my job.
At the end of the day, I shot to leave the hospital and walk into parking where my car was to go home. At that moment I did something that I don't normally do.
It went through the emergency service of the way home.
And there another nurse, not the one that took care of the Dragon lady before, but another one. He told me three words, those three words that most emergency doctors are afraid of.
Other specialists also fear it, but there is a particular in embarrassist and it's that we see the patients.
The three words is: Do you remember you?
"Do you remember the patient who sent your home?"
I asked the other number with total nature.
"Well, she comes back, with the same tone of voice.
She was fine.
But I went back and on the edge of death.
At the end of an hour to have come to his house, after I gave her the high, he suffered a collapse and her family called 911: the drugs brought it to emergency with an article of 50 centimeters, which means a severe shift.
He barely woke up and was blue.
The emergency staff broke all their resources.
They gave him medication.
And they put an artificial respect.
I was consumed and headed to the cord.
He had a feelings of feelings because after the stabilize was in intensive therapy and waiting against all hope they would recover for.
And in the two or three days next was obvious to never wake up.
He had an irreversible brain damage.
The family came together.
And in eight or nine days, they were meeting what was happening.
And the ninth day, they let it go. The lady Dr. Hierbia, wife and grandmother.
They say they never forget the names that they die.
That was my first experience.
The next week, I was punished by it, and I experienced for the first time the magnificent shame that exists in our medical culture, and I felt just just silver, without feeling that healthy shame because you can't talk to your colleagues.
You make the parents and never make that mistake.
It's that shame that leaves a teaching.
The evil shame that I talk about is the one that makes us feel very wrong.
It's the one that tells us not that what we did was wrong, but we are bad.
And that felt that.
And it wasn't for my boss, he was a love.
I talked to the family, and I'm sure I was sure things and I made sure that I wouldn't let me.
And I kept asking those questions.
Why didn't I ask my head? Why did he send her to his house?
And in my worst moments, why did I make such silly equal?
Why did I choose medicine?
Slowly that feeling was distributing.
And I started feeling better.
And in a cloudy day, the sky was opened and finally came out the sun. And I wondered if I would feel better again.
And I did a deal with myself in which if you were delivering the efforts to be perfect to not make more mistakes, I would do that voices.
And it was.
I went back to work.
But it was going to happen.
Two years later, it was help in the emergency department in a community hospital north of Toronto, and I received a 25 year-old man with a pain in the throat.
I was very busy.
And he pointed out here.
I looked at his throat, I was a little colored.
He emailed her penguin and sent him home.
But as he went to the door still pointing his throat.
Two days later, when I came to make my guardian change, my boss asked me to talk to me about her terminally in his office.
And I came up with the three words: Remember you?
Does it remember the patient who saw for a pain in gear?
So he came back and didn't have a strategic management.
I had a potentially deadly condition.
You can look for Google -- it's an infection, not from the throat, but from the upper air, and that can cause the closing of those tracks.
He, fortunately, didn't fail.
He was asked antibiotics for increase and recovered in a few days.
And they go through the same period of shame and reports, then he was glad and went back to work, until over and over again, and again.
Two times in the same turn of training, no approaches discussion.
And it's a great effort, especially working in a hospital, because it was used to 14 patients at the same time.
But in both cases, I didn't send them home and I don't think it's been a describe.
One of them thought I had a kidney calculation.
They ordered a kidneys, but it turned out a normal relationship, a colleague that was checking the patient perceived some sensitivity in the lower right and called the surgeon.
The other patient was with a lot of diarrhea.
He was order to rediscover and I asked my colleague to check it.
And I checked it up and by noticing some sensitivity in the lower right, I called the surgeon.
Both of them were operated and they recovered well.
But every single case, I was disappeared to me.
But I'd like to tell you that I made the worst mistakes in the first five years of exercise, and as many colleagues say, it's a bed.
The most significant ones have been over the last five years.
Only analysis, and no support.
And here's the problem: If I can't release myself and talk about my mistakes, if I can't find the voice that tells me what really happens, how can I share this with my colleagues.
How do I teach them this to do not make the same mistakes.
If I went into a place like this, I would have no idea what you think about me.
When was the last time you heard somebody talking about failure, after failure after fail?
Of course in a party you'll hear about the mistakes of other doctors, but you won't hear somebody talking about your own mistakes.
And if I knew and my colleagues as well, that a transformation in my hospital took the wrong leg, believe it would have difficulty to look at it in the eyes.
This is the system we have.
The total denial.
It's the system where there are two positions -- the ones that make mistakes and the ones that are not able to sleep and those who are -- those who have a little bit of a result and those who have great results.
And it's almost like an ideological reaction, as an antibody that starts to attack that person.
We have the idea that if we take the medicine to the people who make mistakes, we will stay a safe system.
But that brings two problems.
In 20 years of diffusion and medical journalism, I've done a personal study of bad medical props and medical errors to learn how possible, from the first article I wrote for the Toronto Star to my program, "Who Country, Black Art."
And what I learned is that mistakes are one-to-day.
We work in a system where mistakes happen every day, where one in 10 prescribed drugs in the hospital are wrong, or double is not right -- in a system where 3D infections are getting more and more numbers, and more numbers, causing chaos and death.
In this country, 24,000 Canadian Canadian careers are dying in this country.
The U.S. Medicine Institute established 100,000 dollars.
In both cases, it's about border substances, because we're not destroying the problem as we should.
And that's how things are.
A hospital system where knowledge is multiplied every two or three years, and we don't get involved.
The privacy of sleep invaded everything.
And we can't get rid of it.
We have cognitive biases that allow a perfect history of a patient with pain in the chest.
Now, let's take the same patient with a chest pain in the chest, it comes crazy with light eyes and alternative to alcohol and all of a sudden, my story has been declined.
It's not the same story.
I'm not a robot. I don't do things always the same.
And my patients are not cars. They don't solve their symptoms as well.
For all, mistakes are inevitable.
So if we take the system as they taught us, and we eliminate all the professional professionals to the error, well, I will not leave anybody.
And with respect people don't want to talk about their most serious case?
In my program, "Digital Dear Art are already a superconductor to say, "This is my worst mistake. I would tell everyone, from the paradigms to the heart of cardiac surgery, "This is my worst mistake, blah blah blah blah blah blah -- "What are your errors?"
And his students would stop, they would go down, they would go down the head and they would start to tell their stories.
They want to tell their stories, they want to share them.
You want to be able to say, "Look, don't eat the same mistake.
They need a context where they can do it.
They need a reduced medical culture.
And it starts with a doctor every time.
The reduction physician is human, you know, you know, you accept it, and it doesn't get proud of your mistakes, but it gets effort to learn from what happened to teach others.
I share their experiences with them.
It's support for those who talk about their mistakes.
It signals the mistakes of other people not with the intention of catching them, but in a loving way and support for everyone to benefit.
And it works in a medical culture that recognizes that human beings lead the system, and when this happens, they eat errors every once in time.
My name is Brian Goldita.
I'm a reductional doctor.
I'm human, I eat mistakes.
And I feel so much but I strive to learn something that can transmit others.
I don't know what you think about me, but I can live with that.
And let me conclude with three personal words, I remember it.
Do you know how many decisions do we take a day?
Do you know how much we choose in a week?
I recently did a survey to over 2,000 people and the average amount of choice that says to pick up a middle American, it's about 70 a day.
Not a lot, in a research followed for a week to a group of presentations of companies.
Researchers recorded the different tasks that are represented by these executives and the time they used to make related decisions with those tasks.
They found that, on average, they took 139 jobs a week.
Naturally, every work included many minimums.
Half of those decisions took nine minutes or less.
Only 12 percent required an hour or more of their time.
Now think about your choices.
You know how many people belong to the nine minutes, and how many of an hour an hour.
How does the way make those decisions.
Today I want to talk about one of the biggest problems of the now, choose to the optimism of options.
I want to talk about the problem and some possible solutions.
As I talk about this I'm going to ask you a few questions and I need to know your answers.
When I ask a question, as I'm a blind, you raise your hand only if you want to burn calories.
Otherwise, when you ask a question, if your answer is positive please give a palama.
And now my first question: Are you ready to hear about the problem of the supply of choice?
Thank you.
Being a graduate student at Stanford University, I was looking at this very, very high level of level, at least at that time it was very sophisticated.
His name was Dragon.
It was almost like going to a amusement park.
There were about 250 different kinds of mustard and in the village, over 500 different kinds of fruit and vegetables and a few of the water -- and this was when we put water water.
I loved to go to that store, but in an occasion, I asked me, why never buy nothing?
This is the state of the olive oil.
They had more than 75 different classes, including those who were on the sealed box that came from military trees.
I once decided to visit the manager and I asked him, "Did you good this strategy of offering all these choices?"
He pointed me the buses full of tourists that came every day, usually with their cameras.
We decided to make a little experiment with the memories.
It happened.
They had 348 different classes.
We installed a post to say, right to the entrance of the store.
We put there from six self-expressions or 24 different flavors and we looked at two things: First of all, what was people willing to stop to stop the memory?
More people stopped when there were 24, 60 percent, that when there were only six, 40 percent.
We also looked at what case they were more likely to buy a measure rate.
Here we find the opposite effect.
Of those who stopped when there were 24, only three percent came to buy memory.
Of those who stopped when there were six, we saw that 30 percent bought memory.
If we do the math, people had six times more likely to buy memory if they found six -- that if they found 24.
Well, to decide that we don't buy memory -- we probably become a good way to preserve the line, but it turns out that the problem of the operating of choices affects us in very momentous decisions.
We decided not to decide, even when this is not going to be convinced.
Now the issue of the day, the financial savings.
I'm going to describe a study that I did with guru Hubble, Emily Kametoon and West Jane, where we looked at the savings decisions for the retirement of about one million Americans, from about 650 plans of this country.
We were interested in seeing if the number of forces available in plants for retirement savings -- the 404 program defined people to save for the future.
And we found that there was actually a correlation there.
We had 650 plans that were going from two, to 59 different options.
We found that the bigger the number of funds, they were less participation.
So if we look at the extremes -- we see that in the plans that are offered two fund, the participation rate was 70 percent or more, not as high as they like.
And in the plans that offered about 60 fund, the rate of participation.
It turns out that even if you decide to participate, when there are more options, even in that case, there are negative consequences.
So for those who decided to participate, the greater the number of choices, more people were inclined to avoid actions or investment funds.
In terms there would be more choices, they were more willing to invest in the market financial account.
But none of these extreme decisions are the ones that we would recover to optimize the future financial well-being.
In the previous decade we've seen three main negative consequences by offering more and more possibilities.
The most likely is that they make the decision, that you apply it even when this goes against the interest.
It's more likely to take the worst decisions, in finance and health.
They are more likely to choose less satisfying things, even though they are obviously getting better.
The main reason is that we get to look at that gigantic variety of Manhattan, music, wine and memory, but we are not able to do the calculations to compare to and control and choose that amazing exhibition exhibition.
Today I want to propose to you four simple techniques that we've tried to, in one way or another, in different research, so that they can teach in their business.
The first is, Corner.
You've heard it before, but it's never been more true than today, which is less than that.
People always bother when I say, "Court."
They care about losing space in the bank.
But actually what we're seeing more and more is that if you decide to cut, you will get rid of strange reductions -- there will be an increase in the sales -- they will go down the costs, there will be a better experience in choice.
When Program & Gamble went from 26 different types of Health & Swaffeers to 15, they saw a 10 percent increase in sales.
When the Goldman Cortural Corporation eliminated the products for cats of cats that less sold up, they increased the uses in 87 percent, for two causes, greater sales and lower costs.
You know that today's supermarkets, in average, offer 45,000 products.
In one store of Walmart is offered about 100,000 products.
But the novel stores in the current world is Ali and offers only 1,400 products -- a kind of tomato sauce on the tin.
In the world of financial savings -- I think one of the best examples that have emerged about how to manage the choices is David Ladie plan, the Harvard program.
All the Harvard employees are automatically built to a security fund.
Who really want to choose, they're offered 20 fund, not 300 or more.
You know, often people say, "I don't know how to cut up.
They're all important options.
The first thing I do is to ask the employees, tell you the differences between those options.
And if your employees can't difference, you can't do it your clients."
This afternoon, before I started this session, I was talking to Gary ...
He told me that he would be willing to offer people in this audience a few vaccines with everything paid to the most beautiful road in the world.
Here, a description here.
I want you to read it.
I'm going to leave a few seconds to read it, and then I want you to give you an applause if you're ready to take the Garden offer.
(All appliances. Okay. Anybody who's ready to accept the offer.
Aren't you more?
Well, I'm going to show you something else.
You knew there was a trick.
Who is ready for that journey.
I think he actually managed to hear more hands.
All right.
Actually, you had more information in the first round, than in the second round than in the second round than in the second, but I can go up and say they thought the second time was more real.
Because the images made it more real.
This brings me to the second technique to handle the problem of the optimism programming problem.
So for people to understand the differences between choices, they have to understand the consequences of each choice, and that the consequences must be a very vivid way, very concrete way.
Why do people spend 15 percent more to 30 percent more on average, when you use debit cards or credit than when you use cash effects?
Because it doesn't seem real money.
It turns out that making it more real, it can be a very positive tool for people to save more.
We did a study with Shanghai Benjamin and Alexander Prophetic, especially in the staff of INICY -- who worked at INICY, these people were in a meeting where they were applying to a 404 plan.
And that meeting, that we had exactly how it was used to it, we made a little addiction.
What we added was that we asked the staff to think about the positive things that would happen in their lives if they save more money.
With this minute there was an increase in the 20th and an increase in the amount that were interested in saving or what they wanted to put in their savings accounts of savings in their own.
The third technique is Clark.
We can handle more categories than options.
For example, this is a study we did in a magazine hall.
We saw that in War supermarkets, along the room of the north, the record of magazines can contain from 330 different types to 664.
But you know?
Because classification tells me how to define them.
These are two of these jewelry exhibitions.
One is called Japan and the other, "Sink."
If you think the one on the left is Singapore and the one on the right is Japan, give you a palam.
(Applause ends) Well, there are some.
If you think the one on the left is Japan and the one on the right is Synchroko, give a palam.
Well, something else.
It turns out it's right.
The one on the left is Japan and the one on the right is Synchroko. But you know something?
This classification scheme is totally useless.
The categories have to indicate something to whom they choose not to define them.
You often see this problem with those huge fundraising.
But who are you information?
My fourth category, Congress complexity.
It turns out that we can handle much more information than what we think, if we just simplify it a little bit.
We need to increase complexity.
I'm going to show you an example of what I mean.
Let's look at a very complicated decision, the purchase of a car.
This is a German manufacturer of cars that allows it completely completely.
You have to take 60 decisions, to assemble the car.
And these decisions vary in the number of choices that offers each one.
Colors, outside of the car. I have 56 possibilities.
Motor, change box -- four options.
What I'm going to do is vary the order of the order of decisions.
So half of the clients are going to go from many options, 56 colors, a few boxes.
The other half of customers are going to go from a few choices, four boxes, to 56 colors, a lot of options.
And what am I going to look at.
How involved you are.
If you look at the bottom of the defect in every decision, this indicates that they're overwhelmed -- or it is, we're losing them.
We find that the ones who go from many options to a few of them are operating the button by defect over and over again, and another more.
We lose them.
If you go from a few options to many, they continue there.
Same information, the same number of options.
The only thing I did was alter the order of the order of information.
If we start with the easy, you learn how to choose.
Although you choose the box of changes don't say anything about the preferences of inner decoration.
We are excited about a product we're building that now has more hooked with the process.
To sum up.
I've talked about four techniques to mitigate the problem of the optimism problem, Corner, to eliminate strange alternatives -- Congress, making it real. Click, we can handle more categories with less choices -- controlling complexity.
All of these techniques that I've presented to you were designed to help manage the alternatives or better for you, to use them in their issues, or for people who are serving.
It's that I think the key to get the best of a choice is being careful to choose to.
And the more careful we are in our best choices we can practice the art of choice.
Thank you very much.
In the '80s, the communist East Germany, if you had a typewriter typewriter should record it to the government.
You had to register a piece of text text written with the machine.
And this is why the government could track the origin of text.
If you found a writer with the wrong message, you could track the footprint to the origin of the idea.
We didn't think that someone could do this, how much this is going to limit the freedom of expression.
We would never do that in our countries.
But today, in 2011, if you buy a laser color printer of any big manufacturing and print a page, that page will end up having some yellow yellow dots on every page that follow a pattern that makes them own one and their printer.
That's happening today.
And nobody seems to be absorbed by this.
This is an example of the ways our governments use technology against us, the citizens.
And it's one of three main causes of problems on the network.
If you look at what happens in the world online, we can run the attacks in their attacks.
There are three main groups.
They're the cybercriminals.
Like Mr. Divergence Goldies from the city of Kirie, in Ukraine.
The cell phone is very easy to understand.
These guys make money.
They use the cybercriminals to make a lot of money, lots of numbers.
There are really many cases of millions online, multinational, who won money with their attacks.
This is Valley Taical, from Taylor, Estonia State.
This is Alfred Rone.
This is Stephen Water.
This is Bank Sunday.
These are Matthew Anderson, Toro Alan etc., etc., etc.
These guys make their fortunes online, but they do it by illegal media through banking windows to steal our accounts when we buy online, or steal our keys to get information from our cards when we buy an infected computer.
The secret service of America, two months ago, freeze the Swiss account of this Mrs. Sam Jaw, and this story had 14 million dollars when it was frozen.
Mr. Jay is all at the story. He is unknown to her stop.
And I say that today is more likely than any of us being victims of a circuit than a real crime.
And it's very obvious that this is going from wrong with worse.
In the future, most crimes will happen online.
The second group of attacks that we look at today is not motivated by money.
There's another thing that moves, they motivate the protests, they motivate the opinions -- they motivate the laughter.
Groups like Anonymous have been declared in the last 12 months by occupying a paper in the online attacks.
Those are the three main attacks -- the criminals that make it for money, hackers like Anonymous who do it to protect and the last group are the national states of the government they attack.
And then we see cases like Diana.
That's a good example of government attacks against their own citizens.
Dinnesian is a certified authority of the Netherlands or actually it was.
I declared the lap the last fall.
They stretched the security of the site and they lost a circuit.
Last week I asked, in a meeting with the representatives of the Dutch government, asked one of the leaders if they found the death of people because of the attack to Diana.
And the answer of him was yes.
So how do people die because of an attack of these?
Dinnex is a certified authority.
They sell certificate.
What are the certified centralists?
Well, you need if you have a website with attacks, surveyed SELA, services like Gambia.
Except that you understand an foreign certified authority.
And that they are going to be able to take a careful contractor.
And in the case of Diana happened exactly that.
And what happened in the Arab Spring, and those things that have happened, for example, in Egypt.
Well, in Egypt the protesters held the Egyptian police headquarters in April 2011, and during the roof of the building, they found a lot of papers.
Among those papers was this campaign called FDA."
And within that folder, there were notes of a company in Germany that had sold the Egyptian government tools to intercept large scale communications communications in the country.
They had sold this tool for 200,000 euros to the Egyptian government.
The company is right here.
I mean, Western governments provide tools to the totalitarian governments so they do this to their citizens.
But Western governments also do this themselves.
For example, in Germany, just a couple of weeks ago was the Scott Trickemer, a technique used by official government officials to investigate their own citizens.
If you're suspicious in a good criminal case, it's quite obvious that your phone is interviewed.
But today it goes further.
The Internet connection.
They will use even tools like the Scientific Trickemer to infect our computer with a tree to allow them to see all the communication, and listen to the discussions online, to get our data.
When we think about things like this the obvious answer should be "Well, it seems bad, but it doesn't really affect me because I'm an honest citizen.
Why would you care?
I have nothing to hide.
And that argument doesn't make sense.
It's in the private game.
Privacy is not discussed.
It's not a question of privacy against security.
It's about freedom against control.
If we could trust our governments today in 2011, any right that we are talking about today, being forever.
Are we going to trust any future government, in an administration that we could have within 50 years?
These are the questions that have to worry about in the next 50 years.
This is where I live. I live in Kenya, in the south of Nairobi National Park.
These are the cows of my dad, the background, and behind the cow, the National Park.
Nairobi National Park has no close to the most part of the south, which means that wild animals like the barriers migrate out of park.
And predators, like lions. They follow them, and this is what they do.
They kill our cattle.
This is one of the ones that killed at night, and so soon we got up in the morning, and we found it dead felt very bad because it was the only tone we had.
My community, the masses, we think we came from heaven with our animals and all the land to get them, and so we value it so much.
So I grew up with the lions.
The dying are warriors that protect our community and the livestock and they're also upset with the problem.
So they kill lions.
This is one of six lions that killed in Nairobi.
I think that's why there are so few in the National Park.
A child in my community, from the six at nine years old, is responsible for his father and this was the same thing that happened to me.
So I had to find a way to solve this problem.
My first idea was to use fire, because I thought the lions were afraid of fear.
But I realized that actually this doesn't serve it, because even helping the lions to see the size of far.
I didn't get it. It continued.
A second idea was to use a spiritual.
I tried to get the lions to believe that it was near the stable.
But the lions are very smart.  They came the first day and saw the spinal speech, and they went out, but the second day, they went back and said, this thing doesn't move, it's always here.  So they jumped and killed animals.
So one night I was walking around the star with a torch and that day the lions didn't come.
I discovered that lions are afraid of light that moves around.
So I had an idea.
And I got a switch that I would learn and turn the lights.
And this is a little lamp.
I love everything.
As you can see, the solar panel load the battery and the battery supply the electricity to the small indigenous box -- I call it a transformation.
And the invisible box makes the lights glow.
As you can see, the bulbs go outside, because that's where the lions come from.
And this is how you see it when you come at night.
The lights flash and beat the lions to think that I'm walking through the stable, but I'm sleeping in my bed.
Thank you.
So I put them in my house two years ago, and since then, we never have trouble with lions.
And the house houses heard the idea.
One of them is from this grandmother.
She had killed a lot of animals and asked me if I could put the lights up.
I said yes.
I put them. You can see the bottom, these are the lights for lions.
Since then, I've installed them in seven houses in my community, and they're serving a lot.
And my idea is also used now all over Kenya, to scare other predators like hyena legs, and it's also being used to shoot elephants from the farms.
Thank you to this invention, I had the fortune to get a scholarship in one of the best schools in Kenya, Brooklyn International School, and I'm very excited.
My new school is now helping to raise funding and awareness.
I even took my friends to my community and installed lights in the houses that don't have them, and teach them how to put them.
So a year ago, it was just a kid on the sunk of the savanna by taking the cow of my father, and I used to see airplanes flying up, and he told me that someday would be inside one.
And today I'm here.
I got the opportunity to come in plane for the first time to TED.
My great dream is to become an engineer engineer and a pilot when it grows up.
I used to hate the lions -- but now as my invention is saving my dad and the lions, we can be with the lions without any conflict.
Adam all airplane. What in my tongue means, thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You don't imagine how exciting to hear a story like yours.
So I got a bark. Richard Turing. Yeah.
CA: You're working on other electrical inventions.
What's the next one in your list?
TR: My next invention -- I want to make a close electric close. CA: An electrical close?
RSW: I know you were invented by electric closes, but I want to do the mine.
CA: So I try it once, right? And -- RT: I've tried it before, but I stopped because I got a camera.  CA: On the foot of the song. Richard Turing, you're a big thing.
We're going to animate every step that you do, friend.
Thank you very much.
When I was a little girl, I thought my country was the best on the planet.
And I grew up singing a song called "Not "In "India."
And I felt very proud.
In school, we spent all the time studying Kim Indiana, but we never learned a lot from the rest of the world, except that America, South Korea, Japan is the enemies.
Though I sometimes asked me about the rest of the world, I thought I would spend my entire life in North Korea, until everything changed suddenly.
When I was seven years old, I saw my first public execution.
But I thought my life in North Korea was normal.
My family was not poor, and I had never happened.
But one day, in 1995, my mom brought home a letter of my sister.
That said, "When you read this, the five members of the family will stop there in this world, because we haven't eaten in the two weeks.
We're collected together on the floor, and our bodies are so weak that we're ready to die."
I was very altered.
It was the first time I heard that people were suffering in my country.
At a short time, when I walked in front of the train station, I saw something terrible I can't erase from my memory.
A woman without life was dead on the street, holding a child in his arms looking at the face of her mother without being able to do anything.
Nobody helped them, because they were very concerned about taking care of themselves and their families.
A huge human arms to North Korea in the middle of the '90s.
At the end of a million North Koreans died during the famine and only few survived eating grass and insects and tree cortex.
They also became more and more often the energy cut, all of my around was completely dark at night except by sea lights in China, barely crossing the river from my house.
I always wondered why they had light and us.
This is a satellite picture of North Korea at night compared to neighboring countries.
This is the Arab River, which serves from boundaries between North Korea and China.
As you can see, the river can be very logo in certain points, allowing Koreans to cross secretly.
But many die.
Sometimes I saw bodies floating in the river.
I can't reveal the details of how North Korea, but I can only say that during the years of famine I was sent to China to live with distant patients.
But I just thought I'd be separated from my family for short time.
I could never have imagined it would take 14 years to live together.
In China, it was hard to live as a young woman without my family.
I had no idea what life was like as a Norden refugees.
But soon I learned that it's not just extremely difficult, but also dangerous, because the Native refugees in China were considered illegal immigrants in China.
So I was living with a constant fear that my identity was revealed, and it would be represented to a horrible fate back in North Korea.
One day, my worst nightmare was done reality, when I was arrested by the Chinese police and they introduced me in the police station.
Somebody had been accused by being Norden, then they looked at my skills in Chinese language and asked me a lot of questions.
I was terrified.
I thought my heart was going to explore.
If it didn't seem natural, it could be incarcerated and dependent.
I thought my life was going to end.
But I managed to control my emotions and answered the questions.
At the end of the introduction one official told another, "This was a fake report. She's not a shark."
And they let me go. It was a miracle.
Some Americans in China are looking for foreign entrepreneurs.
But many can be arrested by the Chinese police and depression.
These women were very lucky.
Though they had caught them, they were eventually released after a hard international pressure.
These Koreans were not so lucky.
Every year, countless Koreans are captured in China and reported to North Korea, where they're tortured or prepared or executed in public.
Although I was lucky to escape. Many other North Koreans have not been so lucky.
It's tragic that the Koreans have to hide their identities and fight so hard just to survive.
Even after learning a new language and finding work, all of his world can go into a second.
That's why, after 10 years of hiding my identity, I decided to risk the South Korea.
And I started a new life again.
To stay in South Korea was a much greater challenge than I was expected.
The English was very important in South Korea, I had to start learning my third language.
I also understood that there was a big gap between North and South.
We are all corals, but in the inside, we've come to be very different because of 67 years of divide.
They even go through an identity crisis.
Am I South or Norden?
Where am I? Who am I?
Suddenly, there was no country I could call with the pride of mine.
Even though embracing life in South Korea was not easy, I made a plan. I started studying for income exam to college.
Just when I started to adapt to my new life, I received a classic call.
The North North authorities made some money that sent my family, and, as a punishment my family was going to be displaced to force to a location in the outside.
They had to run away.
I started planning how to help them escape.
The Koreans have to travel long distances on the way to freedom.
It's almost impossible to cross the border between North Korea and South Korea.
So ironically, I took a flight to China and joined me to the border with North Korea.
Since my family couldn't speak Chinese, I had to get them wrong, somehow for over 3,000 miles across China, and then through the Southeast Asia.
The bus trip took a week, and almost we were caught several times.
Once, our bus was stopped and passed by a Chinese police officer.
He asked the identity of everybody -- and he started asking them questions.
As my family couldn't understand Chinese, I thought my family was going to be arrested.
When the Chinese official came up to my family, I immediately stood up and I told him that they were mature people who was shockey.
I looked at me, but fortunately he believed me.
We did all the way to the Charlings border.
But I had to spend almost all my money to bribe the border guards in Lab.
But even after I went through the border, my family was arrested and incarcerated by crossing the border indigent.
After paying multiple and shortcuts, my family was released in a month.
But in time, my family was arrested and imprisoned again in the California capital.
This was one of the lowest points in my life.
I did everything to liberate my family, and we were so close to me, but my family was represented in prison in a short distance of the South Korean embrace.
I was going to come between the immigration office and the police station, desperately trying to liberate my family.
But he didn't have enough money to pay more bribes or multiples.
I lost hope.
At that time, or the voice of a man will ask, "What is the problem?"
I was so surprised that a stranger would care about it.
With my poor English and with a dictionary, I explained the situation, and without doubt -- the man was to the automatic rock and gave me the rest of the money for my family and for another two software and getting them out of prison.
I thank you all my heart, and I asked him, "Why do I help me?"
"I'm not helping me, he said.
"I'm helping the North American."
I realized that that was a symbolic moment in my life.
The barber unknown symbolizes a new hope for me and for the North America when we needed it.
And it showed me that the unknown of the unknown and the support of the international community are really the hope rays that the North Koreans need.
Over time, after our long journey, my family and I met in South Korea.
But to achieve your freedom is just half the battle.
A lot of North Koreans are separated from their families, and when they went to a new country, they start with little or anything of money.
So we can benefit from the international community with education, practice of the English language, work practices, and more.
We can also act as a bridge between people inside North Korea and the rest of the world.
Because many of us continue in contact with families still inside, and we send information and money that is helping change North Korea from within.
I've been very lucky, I've received a lot of help and inspiration in my life, so I want to help organized an opportunity to thrive with international support.
I'm sure you're going to see more and more North Koreans running around the world, including on the TED stage.
Thank you.
I live in South Center.
This is Central South. This is Central stores, fast food, ball land.
So the city planners came together and thought, we're going to change the name of the South Center so that it represents something else, so they changed it to Los Angeles, as if this would fix what's actually wrong in the city.
This is the Angeles South.  You have a little bit of list, fast food, ball land.
Like 265 million other Americans, living in a food desert, Los Angeles Center South, home of food places to take and eat in the car.
The curious thing is that food places to carry more people than food in the car.
People are dying from heart disease in Los Angeles Center.
For example, the rate of obesity in my neighborhood is five times greater than that, let's say, Below Hillaries, which is about 15 miles away.
I love to see that this happens.
And I wonder how they would feel if they didn't have access to healthy food, and if every time they come out of house you see the day-to-day effects that the current food system has in their neighborhood?
I see chairs of wheels bought and sold as cars used.
I see centers of lung dialogue like Strands.
And I think this must stop.
I think the problem is solution.
Food is the problem, and it's the solution.
I also have to do about 45 minutes of age and come back to buy an apple that doesn't have personalities.
What I did, was planted a food forest in front of my house.
In a land sentence we call a gardener.
It's about 45 meters plus three feet.
The point is, it belongs to the city.
But you have to keep it.
I said, "Well, I can do what comes to me, because it's my responsibility and I have to keep it."
That's how I decided to keep him.
So my group and I, L.A. Green Greeks, we got together and we started planting our forest food, fruit trees, you know, the nine whole vegetables.
What we do, we are kind of a group paid by front of all the procedures, all of the city and completely voluntary and everything we do is free.
And the garden was beautiful.
Then someone complained to it.
The city came up to me and in summary, they gave me a little bit saying that I had to remove my garden, the glass was made of court order.
And I said, "Come on, really?
A judicial order for planting food on a piece of land that no one matter?"  So I was like, "Well, I'll get it."
Because this time it wasn't going to happen.
L.A. Times had the story written by Steve Lobary, and I talked to the consumption and one of the members of Green Groupes, who put a petition in Channel, with 900 signatures, we were a success.
We had the victory in our hands.
My content was even called to say that they went back and adore what we were doing.
I mean, we go, why not?
L.A. is the U.S. city with more balls balls.
It has 68 miles of balls balls.
That's 20 Parks Central.
That's enough space to plant 125 million plants of tomato plants.
Why don't they look good like this?
It's going to grow a plant to give a thousand thousand teaches, 10,000 seeds.
When a dollar of skills will give you 75 dollars.
It's my home, when I tell people, culture your own food.
Impression your own food is how to print your own money.
You see, I have a legacy for Central South.
I grew up there. He raised my kids there.
I was reluctant to being part of this manufacturing reality that was manufactured to me for others, and I'm going to manipulate my own reality.
You see, I'm an artist.
The garden is my graffiti culture, I grow my art.
Just like a graffiti artist, which is going to take walls -- I roll soil, gardeners.
I use the garden, the land, as a piece of canvas, and plants and trees, are my understanding of that canvas.
You would be surprised to see what the land can do, if you let it be your canvas.
They simply can't imagine how amazing a surgery is and how it affects people.
What happened?
I'm witness of how my garden became a tool of education, of transformation of my neighborhood.
To change the community, you have to change the composition of the land.
We are the land.
They were surprised to see how it affects kids.
Audience is the most therapeutic and provocative act that you can do, especially in a train.
Also, they get fair.
I remember an occasion, who came a mother and his daughter, were like 1960, and they were in my backyard, and they were in my garden, and they looked very strip.
I said, well, man, I felt bad that they were there, and I said, you know, they don't have to do this like that.
This is on the street for a reason.
I felt shame when I saw people who were so close to me with hungry, and this just reinforce why I do this, people ask me, "Finance," don't fear that people will steal your food?"
I say, "Oh my God, I am not afraid that they're going to steal it."
That's what it is in the street.
That's what it's about.
I want you to take it, but at your time, I want you to take your health.
There was another occasion that I put a garden in a refugee shelter at the center of Los Angeles.
They were these guys, who helped me download the truck.
It was fabulous. I was shared by her stories about how this had affected them and how they used to plant with her mom and grandmother, and it was fabulous to see how this changed them, so just for a moment.
So Green Greeks has come to plant maybe 20 gardens.
We've had about 50 people who come from, work and participate, all in volunteer plan.
If kids grow cold, kids will eat colony.
If you grow tomatoes -- you eat tomatoes --  But if none of this is taught you, if you're not taught how food affects your mind and body, you eat blind what you put in front of you.
I see young people who want to work, but they have this thing in which they're stuck. I see color kids that are on this way designed for them, that it doesn't take them nowhere.
With the gardening, I see an opportunity where we can train these kids who are commissioned from their communities to have sustainable life.
And when we do this, who knows?
Maybe the next George Washington Carton happens.
But if we don't change the composition of the land, we will never do it.
Now this is one of my plans -- this is something I want to do.
I want to plant a whole block of gardens, where people can share food in the same picture.
I want to take content and turn them into healthy coffee.
Don't get me wrong.
I'm not talking about free, because the free is not sustainable.
The curious thing about sustainability, you have to sustain it.
What I'm talking about is to put people to work, take the kids out of the street, who know the joy, the pride and the honor of growing their own food, opening farmers.
What I want to do here, we have to make it sexy.
I want everybody to become ecological renewables, parties, gardeners grades.
We have to change the script of what's a progress.
If you're not a gardener, you're not a preserve.
That the stakes take their palm right?
That is your choice of choice.
In addition, if you want to meet me, well, if you want to look at me, don't call me if you want to sit in comfortable chairs and have meetings to talk about doing some shit, to talk about doing some shit.
If you want to look at me, they come to the garden with their palm so that we can plant something.
peace. Thank you.
Thank you.
(Audience sounds)  (Audiences ones.  (Audience ends)  You probably all agree with me that this is a very nice road.
It's made of apple, and the asphalt is a good material to drive, but not always, especially not in days as today, where it rains a lot.
You can have a lot of water in the asphalt.
And especially if you go in your bike and these cars go by, that's not very nice.
Also, the asphalt can make a lot of noise.
It's a noisy material, and if we build roads, like in the Netherlands, very close to the cities, we want a silent road.
The solution for that is to make post-conflict rapid rappers.
The porous, a material that we use now in most of the roads of the Netherlands, has pores and water can move through it, so all the rainwater water will flow down to the sides and have a road that is easy to drive, and they will never jump out of water.
The noise will also disappear in these pores as well.
Because it's very hole, the whole noise will disappear, so it's a very silent road.
It also has disasters, of course, and the downside of this road is that you can get rid of it.
What is to do? You see that in this road, the stone stones go out.
First one stone, then several more and more and more and more, and then -- well, I won't do that.  But you can give you your windshield -- and you're not happy with that.
And finally, this can also lead to more and more damage.
Sometimes you can create gaps with that.
Oh, it's ready.
Bactuague, of course, you can become a problem, but we have a solution.
Here you can actually see how damage looks like in this material.
It's a porous, point aspiration, as I said, so it only has a little amount of addition between the stones.
Because of the performance, the ultraviolet light, to the executive, this addition, this bear, the glue between the sides, is coming down, and if you fire up, you will make microbes and you will separate from the additions.
So, if you drive up the road, you will take the stickers -- as we saw it here.
To solve this problem, we think about authority materials.
If we can make this material surgery, then we probably have a solution.
So what we can do is use steel wool from that to clean out seems, and we can cut the steel wool into very small chunks, and we can mix those little bits with the bear.
So we have asphalt with little bits of steel in it.
Then you need a machine, like you see here, that you use to cook -- a machine of innovation.
Information can heat -- especially the steel, is very good at that.
So what you need to do is heat the steel, melt the bear, the bear flow through these microbes and the stones will go back to the surface.
Today I used a microwave oven, because I can't bring the great manufacturing machine here on stage.
The microwave oven, it's a similar system.
I put the sample, which now I'm going to take to see what happened.
This is the sample that comes out now.
I said we have this kind of industrial machine in the lab to heat the samples.
And we tried a lot of samples there, and then the government, they really saw our results, and they thought, "Well, that's very interesting. We have to try it."
So they gave us a piece of roads, 400 meters of the ABC highway, where we had to make an essay lane to test this material.
So that's what we did there. You see where we were doing the road test, and then, of course, this road lasts several years without any damage. That's what we know about practice.
We took a lot of samples from this road, and we tested them in the lab.
We made the samples, we put a lot of charge on them, we repair them then with our manufacturing machine and repair them and try and test them.
We can repeat this many times.
Well, to conclude, I can say that we've done a material using steel fibers by incorporating these fibers, using the energy of industry to actually increase the life of the surface of the road, even double the life of the surface of the road, they can even double a lot of money with very simple tricks.
And now, of course, they have curiosity.
We still have the show here. It's pretty hot.
You really have to face before you can show you how the repair acts are.
But I'm going to do an attempt.
Let's see. Yes, it worked.
Thank you.
When I was 11 years old, I remember having woken up a morning with the sound of the wave in my house.
My father was listening to BBC News, in his little gray radius.
He had a big smile in his face that was unusual in those times, because news generally depressed.
The Taliban were going up."
I didn't know what it meant, but I could see my father was very, very happy.
"Now you can go to a real school, he said.
One morning I will never forget.
A real school.
You see, I was six years old when the Taliban got rid of Afghanistan and made illegal that girls were to school.
For the next five years, I was dressed as a kid to climb my older sister, who could no longer be alone outside to go to secret school.
It was the only way we were able to educate them.
Every day, we took a different route so that no one could suspect where we were.
We had to hide the books in market bags so that it seems to be shopping.
The school was in a house, over 100 of us applied in a small room.
It was nice in the winter, but extremely hot in summer.
We all knew that we risk our lives, the teacher, the students and our parents.
Every once in the time, school was released for a week, because Taliban suspected it.
We always wondered what they knew about us.
Would we be following us?
Did you know where we live?
And we were attached, but yet, school was where we wanted to be.
I was very lucky to grow in a family where education was appreciated and daughters a test.
My grandfather was an extraordinary man for his time.
A total driver of a remote province of Afghanistan. I insisted in his daughter, my mother, went to school, and so his father was reproduced.
But my education mother became a teacher.
This is it.
It will take two years ago, just to convert our home in school for girls and women in our neighborhood.
And my father, this is the first of all his family in getting education.
There was no doubt that their children had to receive education, even their daughters, despite the Taliban.
For him, there was a larger risk in not educating their children.
Over the years of the Taliban. I remember there were times when I was very frustrated in our life and was always scared and I didn't see a future.
I wanted to quit, but my father said, "Get me, daughter me, you can lose everything you have in life.
You can steal your money. You can force your house for a war.
But there's one thing that will always be with you, what's here and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education, we'll do it.
So you still want not to go?"
I'm 22 years old.
I grew up in a country that has been destroyed by decades of war.
Less than six percent of the women in my age have more than the school, and if my family didn't have been so committed to my education, I would be one of them.
Instead, I find myself proud to graduate at Muddred College.
When I went back to Afghanistan, my grandfather, the one who was removed from his home for the courage of educating his daughters was one of the first to congratulate him.
He didn't just get away from my university degree, but also that I was the first woman, and I'm the first woman, which I carry it through the streets of Kabul.
My family believes in me.
I dream in big, but my family has even bigger dreams for me.
That's why I'm the global ambassador of 1012, a global campaign to educate women.
That's why I cofounded Solanza, the first and perhaps the only private school for girls in Afghanistan, a country that is still risky for girls to go to school.
The exciting thing is I see students in my school with the strong desire to leverage opportunity.
And I see his parents and their families who, like the mine, they advocate for them, despite the weight and still in front of a despair opposition in front of them.
Like Ahmed -- it's not her true name, and I can't show you your face, but Ahmed is the father of one of my students.
Less than a month ago, he and his daughter went on the way from Solanza to his village, and literally they were scared of being killed by a bomb on the road, for minutes.
When you get to your house, you're the phone, a voice would warn you that if you kept sending your daughter to school, you would try.
"Pretty much, if you will, he said, "But not hurt the future of my daughter for your old and reduced ideas.
What I've realized about Afghanistan, and it's something that is often forgotten in the West, is that behind most of us who we translate, there's a father who recognized the value of their daughter and that he sees that the success of her own success.
It doesn't mean that our mothers have not been key to our success.
In fact, they're often the first convincing of the bright future of their daughters, but in the context of a society like Afghanistan, we need the support of men.
Under the Taliban. The girls who went to school are told in hundreds -- remember, it was illegal.
But today, more than three million girls go to school in Afghanistan.
Afghanistan looks so different from here in America.
I find that Americans see the fragility of changes.
I fear that these changes are not a lot, after the retreat of the U.S. troops.
But when I go back to Afghanistan, when I look at students in my school and their parents who advocate for them, they encourage them, I see a landfall future and a lasting change.
For me, Afghanistan is a country of hope and inflated possibilities, and every day of Solanza girls remind me.
Like me, they dream big.
Thank you.
I've never forgotten the words of my grandmother who died in exile -- "Hi, resistant to Gabby. He fights him.
But you never get a Galapagos revolution.
They have spent nearly two years since the tribal revolution inspired by the subjects of mass movements both of the Tunisian revolution as the Egyptian revolution.
A forces with many other tribal citizens inside and out of the country to call a road day and start a revolution against the theoretical regime of Gabby.
And we did it. It was a big revolution.
Women and men who were young kids were in the rainforest, getting rid of the regime, carrying frameworks of freedom, dignity and social justice.
They have shown a courage to be able to face the brutal dictator of Gabby.
They've shown a great sense of solidarity from the east East, to the west, to the south.
Finally, after a period of six months of brutal war and some losses of about 50,000 dead, we managed to release our country and defeat the ground.
However, Gabby left a character charge, a legacy of tyranny and corruption and alternative seeds.
For four decades, the theoretical regime of Gaddafi, destroyed infrastructure, culture and moral society in the tribal society.
conscious of devastation and challenges, I've loved together with a lot of other women, to rebuild the tribal society, demanding an inclusive transition and fair towards democracy and national reconciliation.
It was established about 200 organizations in Bangladesh during the day and immediately after the fall of Gabby: About 300 in Triberal.
After a 33 years of exile -- I went back to Libya and with a single enthusiasm I began to organize workshops about developing capability, and leadership skills.
With an incredible group of women we founded the Platform of Women Liberians by peace, a movement of women, leaders, very diverse orientation, to advocate for the social autonomy of the woman and the right of equal participation in building democracy and peace.
I found myself with a very difficult environment in the prefrontal period, an environment that was increasingly polarized, which is model of selfish policies and exclusion.
Over time, our initiative was approved and successful.
Women won a 175 percent of the National Congress in the first 52 years.
However, little by little, the culture of elections and revolution as a whole, were disappearing, every day we found the news of violence.
One day we wake up with the news of ancient mosques and Sufi music.
Another day came with the news of the American Ambassador and the consumer attack.
Another day we wake up with the news of the official officers of the army.
And every day, every day we wake up with the government of military and their continents of the human rights of the prisoners and their lack of respect of the law.
Our society, made by a revolutionary mindset, gets more polarized -- and it's removed from the ideals and principles of freedom, dignity, social justice, that we had at the beginning.
The intelligence, exclusion and wine became the icons of the consequences of the revolution.
I'm not here today to inspire you with our story of the successful "Leopard Listen" and the elections.
Rather, I'm here today to talk that we, as a nation, we choose wrong, we make the wrong decision.
We don't prioritize well.
Because elections didn't bring peace, stability and security to Libya.
The crime list and the alternative between candidates and candidate brought peace and national reconciliation?
No, they didn't.
What happened then?
Why is our society still polarized and dominated with selfish policy policies and exclusion, both by men as for women?
Perhaps what I was missing wasn't just women, but the female values of compassion and mercy and inclusion ...
Our society needs the national dialogue and the creation of more of what the election needed to do, which only reported polarization and division alone.
Our nation needs the qualitative representation of the female more than need the numerical and quantitative representation of it.
We need to stop acting as innovation agents and calling days of anger.
We need to start acting as agents of compassion and mercy.
We need to develop a female speech, not only honor but also put the metaphor instead of the coming, collaboration instead of competition, inclusion instead of exclusion.
These are the ideals that a Libya, destroyed by war, needs desperately in order to achieve peace.
Because peace has a smell that deals with interaction and alternative between female perspectives and males.
That's the real crowd.
We need to establish that in an existential way before we do it in a society.
According to a version of the Koran Salama Park. It's the word of Middle Malaria, "Gravel, compassion."
At the same time, the word "Rabbike, which is known in all the Abrahamic traditions, has the same root in Arabic that the word "Market, symbolizing the female and material -- that I would go to all the humanity that men and women, which all tribes and all people have embarrassed.
And so just like the uterus is completely covering the embryo, which grows into the divine matrix of nuclear compassion all the existence.
This is how you tell us, "My mercy.
That's how you tell us, "My mercy.
That's all about the grace of mercy.
Thank you.
I'm here today to talk to you about a super-controlled question, which has an equally disturbing question.
It's about the secrets of domestic violence, and the question I'm going to address is the ones that all do always, why is it left?
Why was somebody going to stay with a man who put him up?
I'm not a psychiatrist, no social worker, no expert in domestic violence.
I'm just a woman with a story I'll tell you.
I was 22 years old. I just sat at Harvard University.
I had moved to New York for my first job as a writer and editor in the Mexico magazine.
I had my first apartment, my first green card American Experious, and I had a very big secret.
My secret was that many, many times, the man -- that I created my twin soul, he pointed me to the head with a pink, cardiaced with ball balls.
The man who loved more than anyone in this world, I put a pistol in my head and threatened to kill me more times than I can remember.
I'm here to tell you the story of "Lock love." A psychological trap. Love displays, where they fall every year millions of women, and even some men.
It could even be your story.
I don't look like a typical survival of domestic violence.
I am licensed in English University at Harvard University, and I have a MOMA in Martinean Business Business School.
I've spent most of my career working for companies on the Forbes 500 list, among them Johnson & Johnson, Leo Berkeley and The Washington Pound.
I took almost 20 years of my second husband and we have three children.
My dog is a black tree, and I drive an Honocoli Honorn's ministry.
So my first message for you is that domestic violence can happen to anyone, every race, all the religions -- all levels of loss and education.
It's everywhere.
And my second message is that everybody thinks that domestic violence happens to women, which is a women's problem.
Not exactly.
More than 85 percent of mathematicians are men, and the domestic abuse only happens in intimate relationships, independent and long duration or, said otherwise, in the families, the last place where we want or hope to find violence, reason why, the domestic abuse is so disappointing.
I would have said to you that it would be the last person in the world that would stay with a man who stood up, and actually I was a very typical victim because of my age.
I was 22 years old, and in the United States, women between 16 and 24 years of age have three times more likely to be victims of domestic violence than the other ages, and over 500 women and girls of that age are killed every year by couples and noises and abusive husband in the United States.
I was also a typical victim because I didn't know anything about domestic violence, his warning signals or his patterns.
I met Congo in a cold, rainy night of January.
I was sitting next to me in the subway of New York and started to float with me.
He told me two things.
The first one was that he was just getting from a university of the Indian Leader University and I worked on a very important bank from Wall Street.
But what struck me in that first encounter was that it was ready and fun, and that seemed a guy from the field.
I had some big models like apples and a robot theater wheat, and it seemed so sweet.
One of the smartest things that Congo did, from the beginning, was to create the illusion that I was the dominant component of the mate.
He did it especially in the beginning by putting in a particular.
We started out and loved everything of me, which was list, who had gone to Harvard, who would put passion to help teenage girls and my job.
I wanted to know everything about my family, my childhood, my dreams and illusions.
Congo believed in me, as a writer and as a woman, like nobody had ever done it.
And it was why the literature on that prestigious school and the work in Wall Street and his bright future had so much importance for him.
I didn't know that the first phase of domestic violence is to be seduced and having the victim.
And I didn't know that the second step is to isolate it.
Now, the last thing I wanted to do was go from New York and leave my dreams, but I thought I had to do sacrifices for your partner, so I accepted my job, I quit my work and Congo and I went together from Manhattan.
I had no idea that I was falling in a locked love, who was entering head in a physical trap and financial and psychological trap.
The next step in the pattern of domestic violence is to introduce violence threat to see how it reacts it.
And this is where they enter the scene those panels.
As soon as we moved to New England you already know, that site where I was supposed to Congo had to feel so sure was bought three peaks.
One had in the car game.
Another one was under the pillow in our bed and the third always in his pocket.
And he said that I needed those postcards because of the trauma that he lived from small.
I needed them to feel safe.
But those people actually were a message for me, and although I never raised my hand, my life was still in a serious danger, every minute of every day.
The first physical attack of Congo happened five days before our wedding.
It was seven in the morning and still had the shirt.
Five days later, when the 10 bruises of my neck had disappeared, I put my mother's girlfriend's boyfriend and married him.
Despite what had happened, I was sure we were living happily forever, because I loved him, and he also wanted me a lot.
And I was very, very right.
It simply had been very shared by the wedding and the fact to form a family with me.
I had been an isolated accident, and I never would hurt me.
I spent twice more on our middle of honey.
The first time I was driving up to a secret beach and I lost me, and he gave me so strong in the head that I stole several times against the window of the car.
And then, a couple of days later, driving back from our moon of honey -- it was chased by traffic, and I took a Big Mac cold in the face.
Congo kept putting up one or twice a week for the next two and a half years of our marriage.
I was wrong when I thought it was the only one in this situation.
One in three American women is a victim of domestic violence or access at some point of their life, and the Centers Center of Disease of Disease report that every year 15 million children are stuck, 15 million.
So actually, I had very good company.
Going back to my question: Why did I stay there?
The answer is simple.
I didn't know he was abusing me.
Instead, I was a very strong woman, fell in love with a profoundly standing man, and it was the only person in the world who could help Congo to face her devils to face.
The other question that everybody does is, why does not just be seeked?
Why didn't I go? I could have been at any time.
So this is the saddest and most painful question that people do, because we victims, we know something that normally you ignore -- it's incredibly dangerous to abandon a males.
Because the last phase in the domestic violence pattern is to kill it.
More than 70 percent of the murder in cases of domestic violence happens after the victim has put the relationship to the relationship, after they go, because then the abuse has nothing to lose.
Other reports include the permanent approach, even after the abuse has come back to marriage, financial resources, and manipulation of the family justice system to land the victim and their children, who normally are forced by the judges to spend time not superpower with the man who pasted their mother.
And we still keep wondering why it's simply not going?
I was able to go out, because of one last piece of paper that I saw my denial.
I realized that the man who loved so much, would have killed me if I had allowed it.
So I broke the silence.
I told everybody, to the police, to my neighbors, to my friends and family, to complete strangers, and I'm here today because you all helped me.
We have the tendency to stabilize victims as the strange headlines, self-destructive women, damaged goods.
The question, "Why is it left?
For some people who are a way to say, "The fault is your for searching -- as if the victims will physically choose to fall out of men who want to destroy us.
But since I published "Look love." I've heard hundreds of stories of men and women who were also stuck, who learned a sensitive lesson of what happened to them and they did their lives that were joyful and happy lives like employees, husbands and mothers, completely free of violence, like mine.
Because it turns out that I'm actually a victim and a survival of very typical domestic violence.
I got married with a tender and nice man and we have those three children.
I have that black jaw and also that mining.
What I'm not going to go back to have never even more, ever -- it's a charged pistol pointing to my head in somebody's hands of somebody who says it wants.
At this point, they are like, "Hi, that's fascinating." or "Hello, what so so it was, but all this time I have actually been talking about you.
I assure you that there are a few people, the ones that are listening to me right now, who are being safe or that they were out of small or they're abuse themselves.
The shape could be affecting his daughter, his sister, his best friend right now.
I was able to end my crazy love love breaking the silence.
And I keep doing it today.
It's my way to help other victims, and it's my last request to you.
Talk about what you've heard here.
The abuse is just in silence.
They have the power to end up with domestic violence just throwing light on it.
The victims need everyone.
We need each of you to understand the secrets of domestic violence.
You take the suitcase to the light talking about it with your children, your job companies, your friends and family.
They rethink their view of survivors as fantastic and lovely people who have a full future.
They recognize the early signs of violence to interpret consciously to stop their scale and show the victims.
Together, we can turn our beds, our tables and our families in the safe and peaceful oasis that should be.
Thank you.
Hello. I call the Cameron Russia, and for a while, I'm a model.
To be accurate, for 10 years ago.
And I feel that at this time there is an awkward tension in the room because it shouldn't have been dressed like this.  Luckily, I've brought clothes to change.
This is the first clothing of clothing on a TED stage, so you have a lot of lucky to show it, I think.
If some of the women were horrified when they came out, they don't have to let it leave now, but I will find it later on Twitter.
I also want to point out that I have the privilege of being able to change what you think about me in just 10 seconds.
Not everybody has that opportunity.
These tasks are very uncomfortable -- less than I don't have to use them.
The worst part is to spend this sweater. Because it's when they're going to laugh from me, so they don't do anything as I cover my head.
All right.
Why have I done this?
It's been embarrassing.
Well, I hope not as much as this picture.
The appearance is powerful, but also surface.
I've changed totally what I thought about me in six seconds.
And in this picture, I never had a girlfriend in real life.
I was totally uncomfortable and the photographer told me that I would fix the back and to take the hair of the kid.
Of course, except with surgery or an artificial cliff like the one that made me two days ago for the work, there is very little that we can do to transform our looks, which, although the surface and indigenous has a huge impact in our lives.
So today, for me, being brave means to be honest.
I'm on this stage because I'm a model.
Because I'm a nice, white woman, and in my workforce, that's being a sexy girl.
I'm going to answer the questions that people are always doing, but in a sincere way.
The first question is, how do you get to be model?
And I always say, a helicopter discovered me, but that doesn't mean anything.
The real reason I got model is because I won the genetic lottery. And I'm the benefit of a heritage and maybe you're wondering what this heritage is.
Well, in the last few centuries we not only define beauty as health, youth and symmetry, which we are biologically programmed to admire -- we have also associated with a high and a high shape, to womanhood.
And that's my heritage that I've known to leverage to make money.
And I know there are people in the audience who now shows specific, and maybe there are some lovers of the fashion they say, wait. There are Nairobi, Turing, Joan Simors, Li Web.
First of all, the happy for knowing so much of models. It's amazing.
But unfortunately, I have to report that in 2007, a Ph.D. student at New York University told each and every single model on the runway, and from the 777 controlled models, only 27 percent, is not white -- not white.
The next question that people are always doing is -- could it be model when it's up?"
And my first answer is: I don't know, I don't know about that.
But then, what I really would tell each of these girls is, why? You can be what you want.
You can be president of the United States, or the invention of the next Internet, or a national and poet, which would be awesome, because you would be the first one.
If after this particular list, they still insist -- no, no, Cambridge, I want to be a model, then I tell you. I know my son.
Because I am not in charge of nothing, and you could be the head of reduction from the American voice or the HIV executive director or the next Steven Metropolio.
To say that more of you want to be model is like saying you want to win the lottery when you're larger.
It's out of your control, it's amazing, and it's not a work you can choose.
I'm going to show you everything I learned in 10 years as a model, because unlike cardiac surgery, it can be summarized right now.
I don't know what happened there.
Sadly, once you've got your studies, and you have a curve and you have a piece of jobs to your back, no longer what you say, if you said you want to be president of the United States, but your curriculum said, model of inner clothes for 10 years, people would look weird.
The next question that people are always doing is whether all the pictures are reduced.
And yes, virtually all the photos, but that's just a small part of what happens.
This was the first picture that they took me, and also the first time I used a biobanding, and I didn't even have my period yet.
I know we're entering the personal ground, but it was a girl.
This is how I lights my grandmother a few months before.
These two pictures are the same day.
My friend came with me.
Here I am in a painter party a few days before the French vote.
Here I am with my football team and in the magazine.
And this is me today.
And I hope you realize that I'm not me in those pictures.
They're creations of a group of professionals, phones, machines, photographers and stages, and all their aid and proportion people and production, and they managed to create this. That's not me.
Well, the next question that people are always doing is: Do you get free things?
I have too many of the 20 dollars and I never use it, except the last before, but the privilege that I get are the ones I get in real life, and we don't like to talk about.
I grew up in Cambridge, and I once went to a shop and I forgot to take money, and they gave me the free dream.
When I was a teenager, I was traveling with my friend that was a professional drug, and he came up with a red lady, and of course, they stopped us, and it was a feeling of it, agent to be able to keep going.
I enjoy these privilege privileges for me, not for what I am. And there are people who are paying a price for their seemingly no matter who they are.
I live in New York, and last year, from the 14,000 teenagers to those who were given and recorded. 86 percent were black and Latino and most of them were young men.
And there are only 1777, black and Latino young in New York, so for them, isn't it a question of looking for me?
But how many times would you stop, and what?
When I was researching for this talk, I found out that at 53 percent of the ages of 13 in the United States don't like their body, and that number goes down to 78 percent at 17.
So the last question that people ask me is: How is the life of a model?
And I think the answer you expect is, if you're a little bit more thin and you have the most brilliant hair, you feel very happy and strange.
And behind the cameras, we give an answer that maybe it looks like this.
We say, it's really wonderful to travel, and also incredible to work with creative people, ingenious and passionate people.
And all of that is true, but it's just one part of what happens, because what we never say in front of the cameras, what I have never said about them, is: I'm insecure.
And I'm because I have to worry about my aspect every day.
And if you ever ask yourself, with some more thin legs and the most brilliant hair will be happier?
They only have to get together with a group of models, because they have the most thin legs, the brightest hair and the more to the fashion -- but probably the most physically women's women on the planet.
But especially it was hard to analyze a situation of racial oppression and gender when I'm one of the greatest benefits.
If there is something that will get out of this talk, I hope everybody feels more comfortable when you recognize the power of the image in the perception that we have from success and failure.
Thank you.
Photography has been my passion since it was more enough to get a camera, but today I want to share with you my 15 more accurate photos, and I didn't go to me who took them.
There were no artistic directors -- no status, no chance to repeat the photos, not even a minimum care in the lighting line.
In fact, most of them took the random tourists down.
My story starts when I found myself in New York City to give a population, my wife took me this picture holding my daughter on the day of his first birthday. That's the 57 and five film.
He gave the chance that we went back to New York just a year later, so we decided to take the same picture.
Well, you can imagine what comes now.
When the third birthday of my daughter, my wife told me, why don't you take me to Sand New York on a Patriar trip and continue the ritual.
This is when we start asking the tourists to spend that they would take the picture.
It's amazing that the gesture of delivering the camera to a complete unknown is so universal.
Never one has been denied and, fortunately, never anyone has been with the camera.
So we were not aware of how much of life would change this journey.
It became something sacred for us.
This picture is a few weeks after 9/11, and I had to explain to my daughter what had happened that day so that a five-year-old girl could understand it.
These pictures are much more than representatives of a concrete moment or a specific journey.
They're also a way to stop time in a week of October and to make us reflect on our time and our evolution over the years, and not only at the physical level, but in all ways.
Because, although we always take the same picture, our perspective changes, my daughter comes up with new kids, and I can see life through his eyes and how they perceive and interact with everything.
That in concrete time we spend together is something we expect with illusion all year.
Recently, in one of the trips -- we were walking in, when suddenly it stopped in dry and pointed a red soldier from the wrist store that would love a little bit in previous visits before.
And I was describing what it had felt at five years of foot in that same place.
I began to remember his heart beating heart by looking at that place for the first time nine years ago.
And now what I look at in New York are universities, because it's determined to study in New York.
And suddenly I understood that one of the most important things we created is memories.
So I want to share the idea of actively engaging in the conscious creation of memories.
I don't know about you, but besides these 15 pictures, I don't go in many of the family pictures.
I'm always the one who takes the picture.
Today I want to encourage you all to appear in the picture, and you don't want to get closer to somebody and ask it, "Do you take a photo, right?
Thank you.
I'd like to talk to you about a very special group of animals.
There are 10,000 species of birds in the world.
The buttons are in the most threatened bird group.
First of all, why do you have so bad press?
It's also associated with Disney laughter personalities like mental characters, total, stupid.
More recently, if you've been following the pink Kenyan press, applause and alligations are the attributes that associate with the Kenyan Parliament -- but I don't accept it.
I don't accept. You know why?
Because Parliament members don't keep clean the environment.  The paradigms don't help prevent the spread of disease.
It's hardly movement.   They are far extinct.  And my favorite, the buttons have better presence --   There are two kinds of burning on this planet.
There's the New World Buddhas who are mostly found in the Americas, like conditions and charges, and the old World Aires, where we have 16 species -- from these 16, 11 face a high risk of extinction.
So why are the guys important? First of all, they provide vital ecological services.
It's our natural garbage recovers.
They clean the cards up to the bone.
They help kill all the bacteria. They help absorb the anthrax that no longer will be extended and causing large losses of livestock and diseases in other animals.
Recent studies have shown that in areas where there are no buttons, the carcasses take three to four times more time in declining, and this has huge branching in the spread of diseases.
The buttons also have huge historical importance.
They've been associated with the old Egyptian culture.
New was the symbol of the protection and the maternity and, along with the copper -- they signed the unit between the High and the Lower Egypt.
At the Hindu mythology. Japan was the boundary god and he risked his life to save the God Silam of the 10-year-old decline.
In Tibetan culture, a few very important entrepreneurs are done in open sky -- in places like Tibet -- there is no place to bury the dead or wood to believe them, so these bumps provide a natural elimination system.
What's the problem with the boundary?
We have eight species of grades in Kenya, of which six are in extreme threat of extinction.
The reason is that they're being sent up, and the reason they're being poisoned is because there are conflicts between humans and fauna, the natural communities use this venom against predators, and as a consequence, the buttons are victims of this.
In Southern Asia, in countries like India and Pakistan, four species of grassroots are in the critical list of extinction danger -- which means that in less than 10 or 15 years you will be extinct, and the reason is because they fall from the consumer consumption that has been treated with an analog drug like the Dickensil.
This drug has been banned for veterinary use in India and have taken a posture.
Since there are no buttons, there has been a spread in the number of street dogs in cave seasons, and when you have street dogs -- you have a huge time bomb for rocket. The number of the Arab cases has increased enormously in India.
Kenya is going to have one of the biggest wind parks in Africa, 350 analogies are going to be up the Turkey lake.
I'm not against wind energy, but we have to work with governments, because the wind turbines do this to birds.
They're boxes of birds.
In Western Africa, there's a horrible trade of dead buttons to serve the barber and the metal market.
So what is it doing? Well, we're looking at these birds. We're putting them transitions.
We're trying to determine their basic ecology, and see where they go.
We can see that they travel through different countries, so focus on a problem that is locally. It's not going to serve anything.
We have to work with governments in regional levels.
We're working with local communities.
We're talking to them about appreciating the business, about the need to appreciate these wonderful creatures and the services that they provide.
How can you help? It can become active, making noise. You can write a letter to your government and tell them we have to focus on these very unconscious creatures -- donate their time to spread the word.
When they come out of this room, they will inform them about the buttons, but they talk to their families, with their children, with their neighbors on the books.
They're very elegant. Charles Darwin said that he changed the opinion because he saw them flying without effort without spending energy in the sky.
Kenya, this world, will be much more poor without these wonderful species.
Thank you very much.
Every thing I do and all I probably do, my life has been shaped for seven years of work during my youth in Africa.
Since 1918 to 1977, I look at young people, but I'm not.  I worked in Zambia, Kenya, East East of March, Argentina and Somalia, in projects of technical cooperation with African countries.
I worked for an Italian NGO and every project we established in failed Africa.
And I was personally.
I thought at the age of 21, the Italians were good people, and we were doing a good job in Africa.
Instead of that, everything we did we analyzed it.
Our first project, which inspired my first book, "Now of the Zambia, was a project where some Italians decided to teach people in Zambia.
So we came with Italian seeds south of Zambia.
Of course, people were not at absolutely interested in doing that, so we paid them to come to work, and sometimes they didn't go to work, and sometimes they didn't go out.  We were astonished that the local people, in so fertile valley, they wouldn't have had agriculture.
But instead of asking you how it was possible that they didn't grow anything, we just said, "Thank God we're here."  Just in time to save the people in the human famine."
And of course, everything in Africa is culturally grown up.
We got these magnificent tomatoes -- in Italy, a tomato growing in this size.
And we couldn't believe it, we were telling the champions, "Look how easy the agriculture is.
When the tomatoes were beautiful, mature and red, overnight.
And the champions said, "Yeah, that's why we don't have agriculture here."  "Why don't they say it?"  You never ask you."
I thought only the Italians made mistakes in Africa, but then I saw what Americans did, what the English did, what the French did, and after seeing what they were doing, I felt pretty proud of our project in Zambia.
Because, as you see, at least we feed the hypotheses.
You should see the waste.  You should see the waste that we gave to the people in Africa.
He wants to read a book, read "Do Death Death, of Christmas East, shame-time economy.
The book was published in 2009.
We, Western donors. We have delivered the African continent two million dollars over the last 50 years.
I'm not going to tell you about the damage that the money has caused it.
Just read your book.
Show me from an African woman, the damage we've done.
The Westerners are improvised, colonial missions, and we treat people just in two ways, or we are pathogens, or we are patients.
The two words come from the Latin Latin root, which means "Paper."
However, they mean two different things.
Patricent, I treat any of a different culture as if you were my kids, "I want a lot of it."
Patrichin, I deal with all of a different culture as if I was my services.
That's why white people in Africa are called "Bang, head.
That book gave me a fluid in the face -- "The little thing is beautiful, written by Schumara, who said about all economic development, if people don't want to be helped -- diseases alone.
This should be the first principle of aid.
The first principle of aid is to respect it.
This morning, the gentleman who opened this conference put a base on the ground and said, can we be able to imagine a city that's not neurological?"
I decided at the age of 27 years to just respond to people, and I invented a system called Facebook Company where you never start anything, you have never started anyone, but it becomes a service of local passion, the service of local people who have the dream of becoming a better person.
So what do you do? It's street.
You can never get to a community with an idea, and you sit with the people of the local.
We don't work from offices.
We sat together in a coffee. We met in a bar.
We have zero infrastructure.
And what do we do? We become friends, and we figured out what the person wants to do.
The most important thing is passion.
You can give some idea to someone.
If that person doesn't want to do that, what will you do?
The passion that she has for his own growth is the most important thing.
The passion that that man has for its own personal growth is the most important thing.
And then we help find knowledge because nobody in the world can be successful alone.
The person with the idea may not have knowledge, but knowledge is available.
So years and years ago, I had this idea: Why not we, for once instead of getting to a community to tell people what to do, why not, for once, we heard them, but not in community meetings.
I'll tell you a secret.
There's a problem with community meetings.
The entrepreneurs never go in, and they will never tell you, in a public meeting, what they want to do with their own money, what opportunity they've identified.
So planning has this blind point.
The smartest people in their community, you don't even know them, because they don't go to their public meetings.
What do we do? We work one to one, and we work face to face, you have to create a social infrastructure, which doesn't exist.
You must create a new profession.
The profession is the family of the company, the family family doctor, which is established with you in your house, at the table of your kitchen, in the coffee table, and helps you to find the resources to transform your passion in a way of making your life.
I started this as a test in experts, Western Australia.
I was doing a Ph.D. at the time, trying to get rid of this hidden junk that we came to tell you what to do.
In a year, I had 27 projects in market, and the government came to me to say, "How can you do that?
How can you do it?" And I said, "I did something very, very, very hard.
And I was there and I listened."   So the government says, "Tell me again."  We've done it in 300 communities in the world.
We have helped start 40,000 businesses.
There is a new generation of entrepreneurs that are dying of loneliness.
Peter Dragon, one of the most great business vessels in history, failed to '96, a few years ago.
Peter Dragon was a professor of philosophy before they get involved in business, and this is what Peter Dragon, "The planning is actually incompatible with a society and an innovative business economy.
Planning is the kiss of death of the business spirit.
So now you have Cochea recognizing Christian without knowing what the most attractive people in Christopher want to do with their own money and their own energy.
You have to learn how to get these people to come up with you.
You have to offer you consciousness, privacy, it has to be fantastic when you help them, and then you'll say, they'll come in mass.
In a community of 10,000 people, we got 200 customers.
Can you imagine a community of 400,000 people, intelligence and passion.
What are you going over this morning in this morning.
Apple people passionate -- that's what you have applied.
So what I tell you is that the entrepreneurial spirit is where it is.
We are at the end of the first industrial fuel fuel for not renewable fossil fuels, manufacturing -- and one moment to another, we have systems that are not sustainable.
The internal combustion engine is not sustainable.
The order as a way of sustaining machines is not sustainable.
What we need to consider, is how we nurture it, cure, educating we transport seven billion people, in a sustainable way.
There are no technologies to do it.
Who is going to invent technology for green revolution.
The government -- Olympic."
They're going to be entrepreneurs and they're doing it now.
There's an amazing story that I read in a future magazine many, many years ago.
There was a group of experts who were invited to debate the future of New York City in the 18th year.
And in the year 1800, this group of people came together, and they speculate about what would happen to New York City in 100 years, and the conclusion was meeting, New York City would not exist within 100 years.
Why? Because they looked at the curve, and they pointed out, if the population is kept growing up to this rate, to bring up the population of New York around them, they would require six million horses, and the manure produced by six million horses would be impossible to address it.
They were already benefiting in dung.  So in 1860, they were dividing this dirty technology that would cut New York life.
So what happens? In the next 40 years, in 1900, in the United States appeared by 100 computer companies, an automated manufacturing companies.
The idea of finding a different technology was absolutely absorbed and there were very few scales, scanners, factories in places.
Defense, Michigan. Henry Heart.
However, there's a secret to work with entrepreneurs.
First, you have to offer you consciousness.
Otherwise, you won't come to talk to you.
Then you have to offer you an absolute one, dedicated service, excitement service.
And eventually, you will have to tell you the truth with respect to understand.
The smallest company, the largest company, has to be able to do three magnificent things: the product that you want to sell has to be fantastic, you have to count with a fantastic marketing and you have to tell a fantastic financial administration.
Do you know what?
We've never met a single human being in the world that can make, selling and search for the money.
There is no exist.
This is still not born.
We've been researching and observed to the 100 companies of the Carnegie world Western, Western, Edison -- all the new companies, Google, Yahmon.
There is only one thing that all successful companies in the world have in common, just one -- no one was started by one person.
The word "every one, but the word us." 32 times.
He wasn't just when he started.
Nobody starts a company alone. No one.
So we can create the community where we have facially, who come from an environment of small businesses sitting in coffee -- in bars along with their cardiovas who are going to do for you, what somebody did for this gentleman who talks about this epiphany, somebody who would ask you, what does it need?
What can you do? Can you do it?
Okay, can you sell it? Can you look for money?
"Oh, no, I can't do that." "Would you like you to look for anybody?
We activate communities.
Thank you.
Those of us who surround us can help us in many ways to improve our lives.
We don't know all the neighbors, so we don't exchange much knowledge despite sharing the same public spaces.
In the last few years I've tried to share more with my neighbors in public space, with simple tools like authorities, plants and chalk.
These projects came out of questions like, how much would my neighbors pay for their apartments?
How can we pay and ask more things without calling the door at a bad moment?
How do we share more memories of our abandoned buildings and understand our landscape?
How do we share our hopes to the empty stores so that our communities can reflect our needs and dreams?
I live in New Orleans and I'm in love with New Orleans.
My soul always finds relief with giant roles that give shippers and sharks and standards for centuries and trust in a city.
That always gives the music --  -- there's a present in New Orleans.  The city has one of the most beautiful architects in the world, but also one with the largest number of abandoned properties.
I live near this house and I thought about how it could become a more nice space for the neighborhood and also in something that changed my life forever.
In 2009, I lost somebody who loved a lot.
It was John, like a mother for me.
Their death was suddenly and unexpected.
I thought a lot about death.
And this led me a deep gratitude for the living time.
It gave me clarity to the meaningful things of my current life.
But a joke for keeping this look in my daily life.
It seems to me that it's easy to let you catch through the day to day and forget what really important for you.
So with the help of old friends and new friends transformed the wall of this house abandoned on a giant blackboard, and he painted on her phrases to be completely completely completely completely started."
So the transmissions could take a chalk. reflection over their lives and share personal aspirations in public space.
I didn't know what to expect from this experiment, but the next day the wall was replaced and kept covering.
And I'd like to share some things that people wrote on the wall.
Before I died, I want to be judged by the parade."  Before I died, I want to sit on the heart line line.
Before I die I want to sing for millions of people."
Before I died, I want to plant a tree.
Before I died, I want to live outside the network."
Before I die I want to hug it once again."
Before I died, I want to go to somebody's rescue.
Before I die I want to be completely myself."
This abandoned space became constructive and the dreams and hope of people made me laughing to the charters, they destroyed me, and they gave me in hard times.
It's about knowing that you're not alone. It's about understanding our neighbors in new and slavery ways. It's about giving the reflection and the conclusion, and to remember what is most important for us as we grow and change.
This happened last year, and I started getting hundreds of messages of passionate people who wanted to make a wall in their community.
And so with my colleagues of the civic center, we did a kit and now they've been done in countries around the world, like Kazakhstan, South Africa, Australia, Argentina and beyond.
Together, we showed the power of our public spaces if they give us the opportunity to express and share each other.
Two of the most valuable things we have is time and our relationships with other people.
In our age of advance distribution, it's more important than ever, to find ways of conserving perspective and remembering that life is brief.
Death is something that we often avoid talking about, or even thinking, but I understood that preparing for death is one of those things that makes us more power.
Think about the climate death our life.
Our shared spaces can reflect better what matters to us as individuals and as a community and more means to share hope, fears and stories, the people around us cannot only help improve places, can help improve our lives.
Thank you.
Thank you.
I have a single periodic.
Please don't tell me that I'm normal.
Now I'd like to introduce you to my brothers now.
Rome is 22 years old, it's high and very cool.
It doesn't talk about, but they transmit joy.
Read knows what love is.
I share it invisible to what happens.
It's not adversity. It doesn't look at the color of the skin.
You don't care about the religious differences and you look at this.
When I sing songs of our childhood, trying to provide words that I couldn't even remember me, I remember one thing: how little we know about the mind and how wonderful it should be the unknown.
Samuel is 16 years old. It's high. It's very cool.
You have the most compelling memory.
However, it's a selective memory.
It doesn't remember if I stole my chocolate, but I remember the year when I came out every single song of my iPod, conversations that we kept when I was four years old, to be beaten in my arm during the first episode of the Telescopes and the Laden Gaga birthday birthday.
Doesn't you seem amazing?
But most people don't agree.
And in fact, because their minds don't adjust the concept of society of society, they're often ignored.
But what propelled my heart and strengthen my soul was that even if that was the case, although they didn't consider them inside the ordinary thing, that could only mean one thing: they were extraordinary.
Now, for those less familiar with the term autonomous, it's a complex brain disorder that affects social communication, learning and sometimes to physical skills.
In each individual is manipulated differently, from there that Rimet is so different to Sam.
And all over the world, every 20 minutes, is diagnosed a new case of autism, and even though it's one of the disorders of the developing development that quickly increases in the world, there is no cause of control.
I don't remember my first encounter with autism, but I don't remember one day without him.
I was only three years when my brother came to the world, and I was very excited about having a new self in my life.
When a few months later, I realized that he was different.
I grew a lot.
I didn't want to play like the other babies, and in fact, it didn't look very interested in me at all.
He lived in her own world, with his own rules, and he found pleasure in the smaller things, like putting cars on a row around the room, looking at the washing machine, and eat anything that would be in between.
As it grew up, it became more different, and the differences became more evident.
But beyond the borders, the frustration and the influence influence, there was something really unique -- a pure and innocent nature, a child who saw the world without proportion, a human being that there was never lied.
extraordinary.
I can't deny that there have been some difficult moments in my family, moments in which I wish they were just like me.
But I look back to the things that have taught me about individuals, communication and love, and I realize that they're things that didn't want to change by normal.
Normality passes the beauty that gives us the differences and the fact of being different doesn't mean that some is wrong.
It only means there's a different view of what is right.
If I could convey one thing to Rome and Sam and you, it would be that they don't have to be normal.
They can be extraordinary.
Because, autistic or not, the differences that we have -- they're a girl." Every one of us has a gift in their interior, and honestly, the pursuit of normality.
The opportunity for greatness and progress and change dies at the time where we try to be like others.
Please don't tell me that I'm normal.
Thank you.
Five years ago, I experienced a little bit what it must have been to be Alice in the country.
Penn State asked me, a communications teacher, who gave a kind of communication to engineering students.
I was scared.  Sadly sadden. Student of these students with his big minds and his big books and their big words and his lawyers.
But when we developed those conversations, I felt what Alice must have felt like when I fell through the hole of the rabbits and saw the door of a new world.
I just felt like I had those conversations with students, I was surprised by the ideas that they had, and I wanted others to experience this wonderful world.
And I think the key to open that door is a great communication.
We desperately need a great communication of our scientists and engineers in order to change the world.
Our scientists and engineers are the ones that are attacking our biggest challenges, from energy to environment and health care, among others, and if we don't know about this, the work is not done, and I think it's our responsibility as not scientists have these interactions.
But these big conversations cannot happen if our scientists and engineers don't invite us to see their wonderful world.
So scientists and engineers, please welcome them with simple.
I want to share some suggestions about how they can do it to make sure that we can see that their science is sexy and their engineering is attractive.
First question to answer you, and then what?
Tell me why science is relevant to us.
They don't just tell us that they study the traditions, but they study traditions, which are the mesh structure of our bones because it's important to understand and treat the storytellers.
And when you're describing your science, you care with the jargon.
Shell is an obstacle for our understanding of their ideas.
Sure, you can say "stage and temperature, but why not say "stage and time," which is much more accessible to us?
To make them accessible is not the same thing to do tons.
Instead, as Einstein, which is all as simple as possible, but not simple.
They can clearly communicate their science without sharing ideas.
Something to consider is to use examples, stories and analogies -- are ways of getting hooked and excited with their content.
And by presenting their work, forget from the silk signs.
They have wondered why they're called "Balks?"  What do the balls do? The balls kill and kill their presentation.
A film like this is not only boring, but it's very supportive in the area of the language of our brain and opened.
Instead, this example of example from General Brown is much more effective. It shows that the special structure of the crops is so strong that it really inspired the unique design of the Eiffel Tower, actually.
The trick here is to use a simple sentence, legal, that the audience can understand if you lose a little bit, and then provide graphics that will apply to our other senses and create a deeper sense of understanding of what is described to it.
I think these are just some key ones that can help us open the door and look at the country of wonders that are science and engineering.
And so, scientists and engineers, when they have solved this equation, all over the media, tell me with simple.  Thank you.
One of my favorite words from the entire Oxford English dictionary is "tennis is "tennis."
Just because it sounds great.
And "Now" means "deep politician."
Although there was a percent of the 19th century of the 19th century who defined it a lot better when he said, "A "notion is the one that looks for a public burden without participation, platform or principles, and that, when you win, you get it for the mere use of a responsible brain monopology.
I have no idea what it means "traditional."
Something I do with words, I guess.
It's very important that words are the foundation in politics, and all politicians know that they have to try to dominate language.
It wasn't until for example, for example, 177 that the British Parliament allowed newspapers to quote the exact words that were said in the parliamentary camera.
And all of this was thanks to the courage of a guy with the insulin name of Francis Cross, who faced the Parliament of it.
He got up in the London Tower and they commissioned him, but he had the courage to face them, and at the end he had such popular support in London that won.
And just a few years later, we had the first used use of the phrase "The Boyage and Boyagen so "Baby."
Most people think it's literature.
It's not. It's because of a freedom of freedom of expression.
But to really show you how words and politics interact -- I want you to go back to the United States, right after the independence.
So they had to address the question of how to call George Washington, his leader.
They didn't know.
How do you call the leader of a Republican country?
This was debate in Congress for a long time.
And all kinds of suggestions that might have failed.
Some people wanted to call it "South Washington, and others, "The Alteres Washington Washington, and other Defense of the United States World World.
Not very attractive.
Some just wanted to call it "Key."
They thought it was a quality problem.
And not even with it was monologues, they had the idea that you could be elected King for a certain term.
And it could have served it.
Everybody is immensely tired, because this debate is proposed for three weeks.
I read a little bit of a sensor, and he always wrote, "I'm still with this topic."
What caused the rhetoric and the until was that the House of Representatives was against the Senate.
The House of Representatives did not want Washington to get rid of power.
They didn't want to call it King by whether he gave him him or his own ideas.
So they wanted to give you the most modest title -- more significant and more deep that I came up with.
And that title was President."
President. They didn't invent the title -- there was been before, but it only means somebody who predicted a meeting."
It was like the president of a jury.
And I didn't have much more great than the term "a "picture or supermarket."
There were an early president of small colonial citizens and government failures -- but it was really an infinite title.
And so the Senate is opposed.
They said, "It's ridiculous, we can't call it President."
"This guy has to sign treated and meet with foreign dinosaurs.
"And who will make it serious with a title as ridiculous and inspired as President of America?"
And finally, after three weeks of debate, the Senate didn't fall.
We can learn three interesting things about this.
First of all, and this is my favorite to where I've been able to find out, the Senate has never reported the President.
President Barack Obama is lucky to follow there, waiting for the Senate to be in action.
The second thing that we can learn is that when a government says that a measure is temporal --  -- we may keep waiting for 220 more years.
But the third thing we can learn, and this is the most important, and with this I want to leave you, is that the U.S. President title doesn't sound at all so modest today, right?
Especially if you have more than 5,000 nuclear heads to device, the largest economy in the world and a fleet of a non-to-day aerial vehicles and so on.
The reality and history have taken the title of great.
So at the end you won the Senate.
They got their respect title.
And also the other concern of the Senate, the appearance of symphonical, well, was a uniqueness of the time.
But you know how many nations do you have now?
And everything because they want to sound like the guy who has the 5,000 nuclear heads and so on.
So at the end of the Sentent won and the House of Representatives lost, because no one is going to feel humble when they tell them that they are now President of America.
And I think that's the great lesson we can learn, and I would like to leave you.
politicians are trying to choose and use words to shape and control reality, but really, actually model the words than they could change reality.
Thank you very much.
I'm 45 to meters underground, in an illegal mine in Ghana.
The air is loaded with heat and dust, and it's hard to breathe.
I feel the route of sweat bodies in the dark, but I can't see much more.
I hear voices they talk about, but above all, that capital of male tablets and stones run with primitive tools.
Like others, I take a cheap line of warm light subject to the head with this orange elastic and I can barely distinguish the branches that hold the walls of that hole in a meter that drops hundreds of meters on the ground.
My hand, and I suddenly remember a mining that I met days before, which lost control and fell up in the pool.
As I talk to you today, these men are in the deep of that hole risking their lives without paying or reward and often dying.
And I went out of that hole and I went home, but they may never do it, because they're present from slavery.
In the last 28 years, I was documenting native cultures in over 70 countries in six continents, and in 2009, I had the great honor of being the only exhibition in the University of Persian peace.
Among all the amazing people I met I met a feed of Freeze the Stevens, an NGO that was dedicated to eradicate modern slavery.
We started talking about slavery and really, I started to learn about slavery because I knew that existed in the world, but not to such a grade.
When I finished talking, I felt very bad. I was honestly ashamed to ignore this atrocities of our days and I thought, if I don't know, how many people don't know?
I came up with a novel the stomach, and weeks later, I flew to Los Angeles to meet the CEO of the Star and offer me my help.
So I started my journey to modern slavery.
Interestingly, I had been in many of these places.
Some of them even considered them my second home.
But this time, I would see the dirty ships.
A conservative calculation says that there are over 27 million people enslaved in the world.
It's twice the number of Africans displaced during the entire treatment of transparent slaves.
150 years ago, the cost of an agricultural slave was about three times the annual salary of a U.S. worker.
The equivalent of about 50,000 today.
However, today you can enslave the entire families for generations of decent debt from 18.
Amazingly, slavery generates profits from over 13 billion dollars a year around the world.
Many have been fooled with false education promises and better work to then discover that they are forced to work without pay, under threat of violence and can't escape.
Now the slavery is operating in the comment, the goods produced by slaves have value, but who produce them are desperates.
Slavery exists in almost everybody and yet it's illegal around the world.
In India and Nepal, I met the balls of bricks.
This strange and formidable show was like entering the ancient Egypt or the Infinity of Danny.
Immediate in a temperature of 54 degrees there, men, women, children, in fact, wrapped into a heavy amount of powder -- mechanically stack brick into their heads, up to 18 at the time, and they take them from the hot furnaces to trucks that are in hundreds of feet.
Desperate by the monitor and the song work in silence, doing this task again and again for 16 hours a day.
There were no pause to eat, or to drink, and the severe destruction made that pee was quite intrinsic.
So penguins were the heat and the dust that my camera became too hot, and I stopped working.
Every 20 minutes I had to run into the car to clean the team and make it work with air conditioning to revive it, and sitting there, I thought, my camera gets a much better treatment than these people.
Back in the furnaces I wanted to cry, but the antibiotic thing I was next to me quickly grabbed me and said, "You don't do it. Don't do it here."
And I explained very clearly to demonstrate emotions is very dangerous in places like this, not just for me, but for them.
I couldn't offer you any direct help.
I couldn't give them money, nothing.
I was not a citizen of that country.
I could put them in a worse situation that they were already gone.
I had to trust the Salama and work within the system for his release, and trust you to get it.
In terms of me, I waited to get home to feel my desert heart.
In the Himalayas, I found kids carrying rocks for miles in mountains to trucks that were waiting down.
Those big pills were more heavy than the kids who carry them and the kids put them into their heads with career cords made of palestics, strings and shops.
It's hard to present something so overwhelming to you.
How can we influence something so insecurity, but so one-third?
Some people don't even know they're slaves -- and they work 16 or 17 hours a day without paying -- because this has been this whole life.
They have nothing to compare to.
When these villages were reconstructing their freedom, the slavery collapsed their homes.
By hearing the word slavery often we thought about sexual traffic, and because of this global consciousness, I was invited to be hard for me to work with security in this particular business.
In Kathmandu, I was given women who had been previously sexually slaves.
I was driven by some subjects that they gave this dirty basement, of fluid light.
It wasn't exactly a brain.
It was rather a restaurant.
Restaurant, as you know in the office, are local for forced prostitution.
They have small rooms, private rooms, where the slaves with their girls and children, some of them just seven years old -- they're forced to enter customers and encourage them to buy more food and alcohol.
Each one is dark and dark, identified by a number painted on the wall and divided by a biomass and a curtain.
The workers often suffer sexual abuse for their clients.
And standing in the panel, I remember having felt a sharp failure and in that instant, I could barely imagine what it should be stuck in that hell.
I just had one salary, the stairs.
There were no front doors.
There was no window enough to climb up.
Those people don't have scandal and, because we touch such a difficult topic, it's important to point out that slavery even sexual traffic, happens around us.
There are hundreds of people enslaved in agriculture, in restaurants in the domestic service and the list can continue.
Recently, the New York Times reported that between 100,000 and 300,000 Americans are sold every year as sex slaves.
It happens everywhere, but we don't see it.
Texts are another activity that we often relate to the labor of slave labor.
I visited Indian villages where there were entire families involved in the service of silk.
This is a family portrait of family.
The black black hands are from the father, the blue and the red, of their children.
They mix into these big barrels and dip the silk on the liquid to the children, but the trick is toxic.
My interpretation told me his stories.
"We don't have freedom, they said.
"We still hope, though, to be able to get out of this house someday and go somewhere else where our job really paid us.
It's estimated that there are over 4,000 children enslaved in the Lake Valley, the largest artificial lake in the world.
When we arrived, I went to a quick look.
I saw what seemed to be a fish family in a boat, two older brothers, some younger children -- make sense isn't it?
mistake. They were all slaves.
Children are separated from their traffic families, disappeared and forced to work extinct winds in these boats in the lake even though they don't know swimming.
This boy is eight years old.
When our boat came up was tempting -- it feared that his little canoe was entirely.
I was paralyzed by the fear of falling the water.
The branches of the trees embedded in the Lake Valley often catch networks and children, failures and fear, they drop into the water to get the branches apart.
A lot of them get away.
Since I remember, it's always been forced to work in the lake.
By fear of his love is not going to flee and like all life has been treated with cruelty, it's essentially treated to the younger slaves under their command.
I met these guys at five in the morning, when they were lifted up the last networks, but they had been working from the one.
at night and self-expression.
And it will point out that these networks weigh over 400 pounds when they're full of fish.
I want to introduce you to Kober.
Kober was rescued in a village of fishermen.
I met it in a shelter where the Stevens of the Stevens released the victims of slavery.
Kober symbolizes the possible.
Who will come to be because someone decided to make the difference in their life?
It was driving by a road in Ghana with the partners of Freeze the Stevens, a computer company with his motorcycle and supported our car and played the window.
It asked us to follow it by a path of land to the forest.
At the end of the way, we came out of the car, and he asked the driver to go out quickly.
Then he pointed out this sense of self-expression and said, "This is the path -- this is the path. Go!
As we started down, we removed the reserves that blocked the way and after walking about an hour we found that the path was encouraged by the recent rain, so I put the pictures of photos on my head as we go down in these waters to the chest.
After two hours of walking, the very way I walked up in a clear, and we had a mass of holes that could fit in a football field, and all of them were filled with stable workers.
A lot of women had children strapped to their backs, and while they were looking for gold, they walked in poison waters with market.
The market is used in the process of extraction.
These minerals are enslaved in a little bit of Ghana.
When they came out of the pump, they were pushed in their own sweat.
I remember looking at his eyes tired, irritating, because many had been under land for 72 hours.
The wells have up to 90 feet and these people carry heavy pounds of stone that then will be transported to another area where they will map the stone to be able to extract the gold.
First of all, the site seems to be filled with strong men and complex men, but if you look closer, you see a lot less lucky and also children.
They're all victims of injuries, disease and violence.
In fact, it's very likely that this muscle ends up like this victim of tuberculosis and the marketing of the marketing in a few years.
This is Manhattan. When his father died, he took him to work with him in the mines.
When you die your uncle, Manhattan inherit the debt of uncle that force it to be slave in the mines.
When I met it, I had worked in the mines 14 and the injury of the leg that you see here is a product of an accident in the mine, so severe that doctors said it should be amputation.
In addition to that, Manhattan has tuberculosis, and not just to that, it's forced to work night and day in that mine.
Yet, he dreams with being released and educated with local activists like Freeze the Stevens, and it's this kind of determination -- from face to a remote possibility, which inspired me a lot of respect.
I want to throw light on slavery.
They knew that their images would be seen by you around the world.
I wanted you to know that we will have testimony of them and make everything possible to help change their lives.
I honestly believe that if we can see each other as human beings, then it's very difficult to tolerate atrocities like slavery.
These images are not from magazines -- they're from people, real people, like you and I, who deserve the same rights, dignity and respect in their lives.
There's no day that happens that I don't think about these so many beautiful people, shelled, that I've had the great honor to know.
I hope that these images will wake up a force in who you see them, in people like you, and I hope that that force will link a fire and that that fire shine light on slavery because, without that light, the beasts of slavery can continue to live in shadows.
Thank you very much.
I do a mathematical math and there's a peculiar problem for whom to do it. We're like management consumers.
Nobody knows what the hell we do.
So today I'm going to try to explain what I do.
The dance is one of the most human activities.
We get rid of the balloon virtues and the clip dancers -- that we will see later.
But the ballet demands a degree of extraordinary training, a high level of skill and probably some initial approach that can have a genetic component.
Sadly, the neurological disorders like Parkinson's disease, like Parkinson's disease, destroyed this extraordinary ability, as it does with my friend Jane Stunn who, in his time, was a virtue dancing balloon.
Over the last few years has been done a lot about treatment.
However, there are six million people in the world that are sick and they have to deal with an incurable debuting, textbooks, regional and other symptoms of this disease, so we need objective tools to detect disease before it's too late.
We need to be able to measure progress in objective way, and ultimately, the only way we know if there is really a cure to be when we have a target and a certain measure.
But it's frustrating that for Parkinson's and other movement disorders there are no biological markers -- so they don't serve blood analysis, and the best we have is a 20 minutes.
You have to go to a clinic to do it. It's very, very expensive, and that means that, outside of the clinical trials, they never do.
And what if patients could do it at home?
That would save a different journey to the clinic. What if patients could do the exam themselves.
You wouldn't need personal.
By the way, it costs about 300 dollars in the neurological clinic.
So what I want to propose to you as not conventional to try and try, you see, in a sense, at least at least at least at least, we're all virtual as my friend Dan Strawberry.
This is a video of the vibration of vocal strings.
It shows somebody healthy as it emits sound at talking, we can imagine as dancers of a vocal ballet because we have to coordinate all those vocal organs to produce sound, and we all have the genes needed. The Fadascards, for example.
And, like the ballet requires a level of extraordinary training.
Let's think about the time that takes a kid to learn how to speak.
From sound, we can track the position of vocal strings as they vibrate them, and as the Parkinson's affects extremists, it also affects vocal organs.
In the bottom of the bottom you can see an example of irregular food from vocal ropes.
We see the same symptoms.
Voice format, weakness and regional.
The speech becomes more quiet and applied after a while, and this is an example of symptoms.
How do they compare these examples based on the voice with specialized clinical trials, well, both of them are invisible.
The neurological test is not invisible. Both uses existing infrastructure.
You don't need to design a whole series of hospitals to do them.
Both of them are accurate. Well, but also the examiners based on voice are not specific.
I mean, they can be automatically.
They do very quickly, it takes about 30 seconds as a lot.
They are final cost, and we all know what happens.
When something takes a cost so low, it appears to mass scale.
These are some incredible goals ready to address them.
We can reduce the digital difficulties of patients.
I would not be able to go to the clinic for the routine crisis.
With high frequencies we could get objective data.
We could do low-cost mass recruiting for clinical trials, and for the first time, failure chase calls general.
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first biomass biofuels before it's too late.
So by giving you the first steps in that sense, we're launching the vocal Volcan International International.
Together to Right and Patahulusian, we want to record a lot of voices around the world to collect enough data and start to address these goals.
We have accessible local lines for about 750 million people in the world.
Whatever or without Parkinson's, it can call low price and leave recordings for a few cents, and I'm pleased to announce that we've reached three percent of the goal in just eight hours.
Thank you.   Tom Rielly: So Maya, then Maha, taking all these samples out of, say, 10,000 people, you can say who's healthy and who doesn't?
What would you get out of these samples?
Max Little Lister: Yeah, yeah. What happens is that during the call you have to indicate whether or not you have the disease. TR: Sure.
MK: You see, some people may not get it. It may not be done.
But we're going to get a very large sample of collected data in different circumstances, and do it in different circumstances is important because we're looking for limits the factors of conflict in pursuit of the real markers of disease.
TR: You have 80 percent accuracy at this time?
XL: Much more than that.
Actually, my student Taicades, I have to publish it, has made a fantastic job, and now has shown that it works on the mobile phone network as well, which agiles the project. We now have 99 percent accuracy of accuracy.
TR: Novel and nine. Well, it's a improvement.
MK: Absolutely.
TR: Thank you very much. Max Little Throw: public.
MK: Thank you.
Before March of 2011, I did photographs in New York City.
We are flowing creatures, gray.
We lie in the dark, in rooms without windows and usually we avoid solar light.
We make the thin thin models even more slightly, the perfect skin even more perfect we do the impossible, possible and criticize us in the press all the time, but some of us are really artists with talent with many years of experience and a real taste for images and photography.
On March 11, 2011, I saw from my house, just like the rest of the world, the tragic events that happened in Japan.
Shortly after, an organization where it was voluntary -- there are Hans Volvable, it was in the place working as part of the answer team.
I, along with hundreds of other volunteers we knew we couldn't stay sitting at home, so I decided to join the group for three weeks.
On May 13 traveled to North.
It's a little fishing village located in the pressure of almost 50,000 people, one of the first people affected by waves.
The record water level took over 24 feet tall and over three miles a mile inside.
As you can imagine, the village was devastated.
We took ships from the channels and the cards.
We clean schools -- we take the sludge and we leave the houses ready to be renovated and released.
We take tons and tons of fish fish, speech, power of local factory.
We looked out and loved it.
For weeks, both the volunteers like the neighbors found similar things.
They found pictures and pictures of photos and cameras and SAT cards.
Everybody did the same thing.
They'll pick them up and take them to different places of people around to keep them.
It wasn't until then I realized that those pictures represented a huge part of the personal losses that people had suffered from.
While they were out of the wave, and to save their lives, they had to abandon absolutely everything they had.
At the end of my first week, I started to help in a village evidence center.
It helped clean the communal toilets, the huge banks, giants.
This place turned out to be also the place of the village where the education center picks the photos.
And there they were, and I had the honor that that day would trust me to wipe the photos.
This was exciting and inspiring -- I had heard the expression beyond the horizon, but it was not until I was having myself my horizons that something happened.
When I looked at the pictures, I found some of them who had over a hundred years, some of them were still in the lab on the lab, I couldn't avoid thinking about how to fix that rating and repair that radiation, and I knew hundreds of people who could do the same thing.
So that night I entered Facebook contacted with some of them, and the answer was so overwhelming and positive that I knew we had to try.
So we started to reduce the photos.
This was the first of all.
I was not too stripped, but where the water had declared the face of the girl had to fix with a lot of accuracy and slightly.
Otherwise, that girl would not have the aspect of it, and that would be as tragic as having the spoiled picture.
With the time of time, they got for luck more photos, and they needed more religious so that he came back on Facebook and LinkedIn, and five days later 80 people from 12 countries were offered to help.
In two weeks I had 150 people who are willing to join together.
In Japan, in July, we moved to Riverside, a neighboring village north of Amazon.
Once a week we used our scanner in the temporal photographs that had been installed in, where people were going to reclaim their photos.
The time they were saying to train them is a different story, dependent on the depression of the photos.
I could have an hour. I could take a few weeks.
I could make months.
This kind of kind of kind of kind of kind of driver had to draw up by hand using the areas whose color and detail the water was not destroyed.
It took a long time.
The water destroyed all these pictures in water washed, covered by bacteria, with algae -- even with oil, all of that with the time of time continues to destroy it, so cleaning them by hand was an important part of the project.
We couldn't pick up the picture unless it was clean, dry and had been rewarded by his owner.
We were lucky with the life by hand.
We have the guide of a advanced neighbors.
It's very easy to hurt even more of the pictures of the day.
As Winterly once said, the leader of my group is how to make a tattoo.
You can't make mistakes.
The woman who brought us these pictures were lucky in relation to photos.
He had started to wipe it himself but he stopped when I realized it was even more.
I also had doubled.
Without them, the images of their husband and their own face would not have been able to reconstruct the images in a single picture and reduce the whole picture.
When he collected his pictures shared some of his story with us.
A few colleagues of their husband found the pictures in a bomb station in the rubble quite far from where their house used to be their house, but their colleagues recognized it.
The day of the tsunami, his husband was the concentration of closing the barriers into the waves.
He had to go inside the water while the sisters sounded on.
Their little kids, not so small now, but their two children were in school, in different schools.
One of them was trapped in the water.
He took a week to find all his family and know that everybody had survived.
The day he gave him his pictures his younger son was 14 years old.
For her, despite all of this, those pictures were the best gift I could do it, something that he could go back to look, something that I could remember from the past who would not have been beaten by that day of March when everything in his life changed or was destroyed.
After six months in Japan 1,100 volunteers had been joined in there, and there were hundreds of them helped us clean over 150,000 photographs -- the vast majority -- the vast majority of them come back to their owners -- important.
More than 500 volunteers around the world helped us return to 90 family hundreds of totally restricted photos.
During this time, we don't really spend more than a thousand in teams and materials, most of us in ink for printer.
We take pictures constantly.
A picture is a memory of someone or something, a place, a relationship, somebody wanted to.
They are guards of our memories and stories, the last thing we would take with, but the first thing we would look for.
This is what the project was, to restore small pieces of humanity, to bring someone out of their connection with the past.
When a picture like this is going back to somebody, it makes a huge difference in the life of the person that receives it.
This project also made a huge difference in the life of reductions.
Some of them connected them with something bigger to return something, using their talent for something that are not thin model of perfect skin.
To end up I would like to read this email -- I emailed it the day I came back from Japan after six months.
As I recorded, I couldn't avoid thinking about people and stories shown in the images.
One in particular, a picture with women of different ages from the grandmother to the small girl, gathered around a baby, I was moving, because a similar picture of my family my grandmother, my mother, I and my newly born daughter, hangs out of our wall.
In the whole world, in all of our basic needs are the same, right?
Thank you.  applause.
Doctor English inspired us and curiosity with this picture of a bullet that goes through an apple in an exhibition of only one million seconds.
But now, 50 years later, we can go a million times faster and see the world not to a million or a billion or a billion frames per second.
I introduce you a new kind of photograph, the phone -- a new technique so fast that you can create video camera videos in motion.
And with that, we can create cameras that you can see after the corners, beyond the vision line, or see the inside of the body without using X-rays, and actually challenge the idea of camera.
If I take a laser pointer and turn it up and I put it into a little bit of a second or it is, in several ways to create a package of pictures of just a millimeter wide.
And that package of photons, that ball, will travel at the speed of light, and again, a million times faster than a common bullet commodity.
If we take that bullet and this package of photons and shoot in this bottle, how do those pictures spread into this bottle.
What is the aspect of light in slow motion.
Now, all of this.   You remember all this happens in less than a second.
But this video is 10 billion times slower so you can see the light in motion.
Coke didn't hold this research.  They happen to do a lot of things in this movie, and I'm going to take this information to show what's going on.
The pulse, our bullet goes into the bottle with a package of photons that starts to go through it and that, inside, starts to disappear.
Part of the light goes to the table, and we start seeing these slides.
Many of the photons eventually come to the tablet and then explode in various directions.
As you can see, there's an air bubble that bounces inside the inside.
At that time, the waves travel on the table and because of the reflection of the top of the body -- it looks at the bottom of the bottle, after several squares, that the implications are concentrated with.
Now, if we take a common and current bullet and we do the same distance and we see it in slow camera to about 10 billion times, how much do you think it would take us to sit to see that film.
A day? A week? Actually, a whole year.
It would be a very boring movie  from a bullet blue slow.
And what about testing with dead nature?
You can see the waves that get rid of the table, the tomato and the wall of the background.
It's like throwing a stone in a pond.
It's the way nature painted a picture, I thought, of a drug at a time, but of course, our eyes see an integral composition.
But if you look at one more time, you realize that, as the light gets fed out of the tomato -- it's still brilliant -- it doesn't dark.
Why? Because the tomato is mature and the bouncing light inside its inner and comes back after several trillion billions.
In the future, when this drug is in your mobile phone, you're going to be able to go to the supermarket and check if the fruit is mature without having to touch it.
What do we create this camera at the MIT MIT?
As photographers you know, you know, if you take a picture at low exposure -- it goes into a very little light.
But we're going to go a billion times faster than the shortest exposure, so you just get some light.
We send that ball, that package of photons, millions of times, and we recorded over and over and over again with a very sad synthetic, we took those gigabytes of data and we took them computer to create those feminists that I showed you.
We can take all those data in crude and process them in a interesting way.
Superman can fly.
Other heroes can become invisible.
What if a new power of a supermarket future allowed him to see after the first?
The idea is that we could throw some light on the door. Release, enter the room, a part will reflect on the door, and from there to the camera.
Where we could extract those multiple light boats.
It's not science fiction. We have built it.
On the left, it's our family.
Behind the wall there is a coin and we'll release light on the door.
After the publication of our article in Nature Commandments.
And a small fraction of the photons will go back to the camera, but interestingly, in slightly different times.
And as we have a camera that works so fast, our family, has unique skills.
It has very good temporary resolution, and you can look at the world at the speed of light.
So we know the distances to the door and also to the hidden objects, but we don't know what point it corresponds to what distance.
When you project a laser you can record a picture of a broke, you can see on the screen, it really doesn't make any sense.
But we will take a lot of images like this, dozens of images, we'll get them together and try to analyze the multiple bottles of light, and with that, we can see the hidden object?
Can we see it in 3D?
This is our reconstruction here.
We have things to explore before we get this out of the lab, but in the future, we could create cars that avoid collision with what's around the curve.
Or we could look for survivors in dangerous conditions looking at the light reflected by open windows.
Or we could build entire able to see the inside of the body by holding oxygen and the same thing for cardiols.
But of course, because of tissue and blood -- this is quite hard, so this is actually a request to scientists to start thinking about physician as a new amount of visualization to solve the problems of the health of the next generation.
Just like Dr. Egyptian, he was a scientist, turned science into art, an art of alternative photographs.
I realized that all the data genes that we collect every time are not just for scientific visualization, but we can.
You create a new form of computational photography with slow camera and color code.
And we look at those waves -- remember, the time between each of those waves is just a few trillion of them.
But here is also a funny thing.
If you look at the waves underneath the table, they get away from us.
The waves should move towards us.
What happens here?
It turns out, as we're recording almost at the speed of light, we have strange effects. To Einstein would have loved to see this image.
The order that the events are happening in the world sometimes appears to the camera.
By applying the corresponding deforestation of space and time, we can run this distortion of this.
It's time. Thank you.
Hi. This is my mobile phone.
A cell phone can change life, and you give you individual freedom.
With a cell phone can photograph a crime against humanity in Syria.
With a cell phone, you can tweet a message and start a protest in Egypt.
With a cell phone, you can record a song, upload it to Sovopology and make it famous.
All of this is possible with a mobile phone.
I'm a 1984 child in Berlin City.
Let's go back to that time, to this city.
Here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people were trying to look for change.
This is the 1989 fall -- imagine if all these people who are meeting in search of a change, they had a cell phone in the pocket.
Who from the present have a cell phone here?
Get them.
Raise your mobile phone, get it."
Get them up. A Black, a Blackberry, worth."
It's a lot. Almost everyone today has a cell phone.
But today I'm going to talk about me, my cell phone, and how it changed my life.
I'll talk about this.
This is 35 lines of information.
Basic data.
Why is that information there?
Because in the summer of 2006, the E.U. Commission presented a direction.
The data of Research.
This thing says that every European phone company, every single Internet provider, has to store a wide range of information from users.
Who calls who. Who sends an email to who.
Who sends a text to who.
And if we use mobile phone, where we are.
All this information is stored by at least six months, and until two years, in your phone or your Internet pressure.
And all over Europe, people stood up and said, "We don't want this."
They said they didn't want this data research.
We want the self-assembly in the digital age, and we don't want the telephone and Internet providers to store all this information about us.
There were lawyers, journalists -- everybody said, "We don't want this."
And here you can see about ten thousand people who came out to the streets in Berlin and said, "Fibition," not fear."
And some of them even said this would be the State 2.0.
The State was the secret police in East Germany.
And I also asked me if this really works.
Can you store all this information about us?
Any time I use the phone?
So I asked my phone, Department Telescope, who was then the largest telephone company in Germany, which please would send me all the information that they had about me.
I asked them once, and I went back to it, and I didn't get a concrete answer. It was all blah blah blah.
But then I said, I want to have this information because you're protecting my life.
So I decided to start a judicial demand because I wanted to have this information.
But Derek Telescope said no, we won't give you this information.
At the end we signed an agreement.
I would take the demand and they would send me the information that I would ask.
Meanwhile, the German constitutional Court failed the inspiration for the German law of the E.U.
So I got this ugly, about brown brown with a CD inside.
And in the CD there was this.
Thirty and five thousand acres of information lines.
At first I saw them and I said, well, it's an enormous archive. Okay.
But after a while, I realized it's my life.
There are six months of my life in this archive.
It was a little skeptical. What should I do with that?
Because you can see where I am, where I spend the night, what I'm doing.
But then I said, I want this information to go out.
I want to make it public.
Because I want to show people what data feedback means.
So, next to Keith Annot and Open Data City, we did this.
This is a six months visualization of my life.
You can go back and go back, go back and forward.
You can see every step I do.
And you can see how I go from Francisco in train to Colony, and how often I call the trajectory.
All of this is possible with this information.
That gives a little scary.
But it's not just about me.
It's all about us.
First, there are things like, I call my wife and she calls me, we talk a couple of times.
Then they call me some friends and they call each other.
And then you call the other, and the other one to the other, and we end up with this great network of communication.
You can see how their people communicate each other and know what time they call each other, which time they sleep.
You can see all this.
You can see the centers of the group.
If you have access to this information, you can see what society is.
If you have access to this information, you can control your society.
This is a model for countries like China and Iran.
This is a model to study the shape of your society, because you know who talks to who, who sends them an email to who, all of this is possible if you have access to this information.
And this information is stored at least six months in Europe, and to two years.
As I said at the beginning, imagine if all these people in the streets of Berlin, in the fall of 1989, had a cell phone in the pocket.
And the State had known who participated in this protest, and, if the State had known who the leaders were, this would never have happened.
The fall of the Berlin Wall, maybe never happened.
And in conclusion, I also don't fall to the Holennship of iron.
Because today the state agencies and companies want to store as much information of us as possible inside and out of the web.
They want to have the possibility to follow our lives, and they want to store them forever.
But automation and living in the digital age is not a contradiction.
But today you have to fight for autonomous.
You have to fight for that every day.
When you go home to tell your friends that privacy is a 21st-century value and it's not past fashion.
When you go home, tell your representative that only because companies and state agencies can store certain information, they don't have to do it.
And if you don't believe me, you ask your phone company, what information store from you.
So in the future, every time you use your mobile phones that you serve to remember that you have to fight for autonomy in the digital era.
Thank you.
Hello TEDx, what happens?
It's not enough.
Hello TEDx, what happens?
I call me Mahatma Zapan and I'm not drunk -- but I know the doctor that brought me into the world.
I cut my mom six times in six different directions, analyzing the poor of me in the process.
As a result, I have brain paradigms, so the whole time.
Look at.
It's soft. I'm like a Sharky mix of Shakespeare.
And Muhammad Al ...
Mrs. C is not genetics.
It's not connection can't be made.
Nobody washes my mother out of my mother and didn't control it, because my parents were prime cousins, although they are.
It only happens by accidents, like the one that happened to the birth.
Now, I warn you, I'm not a source of inspiration, and I don't want any of the present.
It feels bad for me, because at some point in life, they have wanted to be disabled.
Let's go from walk.
Christmas variations, they're in the commercial center, drive in circles in search for parking and what do you see?
16 empty places for disabled.
And they think, "God, can I be at least a little bit discriminated?"
Also, I tell you, I have 99 problems, and P, C is just one of them.
There will be a flame of optimism, I would win the gold medal.
I'm a Palestinian plant, Muslim, woman, disabled and alive in New Jersey.
If you don't feel better, maybe you should do it.
I'm from Park Clinton in New Jersey.
I always loved my neighborhood and my disease had the same initiatives.
I also love that if I wanted to walk from my home to New York, I could.
Many people with brain paralysis don't walk, but my parents don't believe in the "No."
The mantra of my father was, "You can do it, dancing cannelves."
If my three older sisters cleaned up, I cleaned up.
If my three older sisters were going to public school, my parents were given to the school system, and they made sure that I was also outside, and if we didn't get all the most famous note we all got my mother's shoes.
My father taught me to walk at the age of five years putting my heel in his feet and just walking.
Another technique I used was to hang a dollar in front of me so that I would follow it.
The surprise I took inside was very strong and so on.
Yeah. The first day in the kindergarten kindergarten walked like a speech champion that has received a lot of beats.
Growing up, there were only six Arabs in my city and were all of the family.
Now there are 20 Arabs -- and they continue to be all of the family.  I think nobody realized that we weren't Atlantic.
This was before 9/11, and that politicians would think about using "I hate "Musices to Muslims as a campaign.
The people I grew up with no problem with my faith.
However, it seemed to worry about a lot that died of hunger during the rare.
I told you that I had enough fat to live three entire months without eating me, so to move away from the dawn of losing is very easy.
Baby take in Brazil.
Yeah, in Brooklyn. It's crazy.  My parents couldn't afford physical therapy, so I was sent to dance school.
I learned to dance with tanks, so I can walk with tanks.
I'm from New Jersey, and there we want to be fish, so if my friends used touch, I too.
And when my friends were going to spend summer vacation on the coast of Jerusalem, I wasn't going.
I spent my summer in a war zone, because my parents were afraid that if we didn't go back to Palestine every summer, we would become Madagascar.
In the summer vacations often my father was trying to hold me, so I drink milk milk on the back, I got hot hands on the back, and I remember the water, and I remember the water burned my eyes and I thought, "It works, work."
But the miracle cure was the yoga.
I have to say it's very boring, but before I make yoga it was a statement of Sunday that I couldn't stand on a foot play.
And now I can hold it on the head.
My parents reported this idea that I could do anything, that no dream was impossible, and my dream was to be in the General Hospital Telescope.
I went to college through positive discrimination and I got a scholarship for the U.K., University of the state of Arizona.
It was like the mass strip of the theater department.
Everybody loved me.
I did all the leasts of the least smart, I took the maximum note in my classes and also in his classes.
Every time I did a scene from the crystal zoo my teachers cry.
But I never got a role.
Finally, in my last year, the TED decided to do a work called Dan very slow in Jacks.
It's a work of a girl with brain paradigms.
I was a girl with brain paradigms.
So I started shouting the four winds -- "The end will have a paper.
I have brain paradigms."
Ultimately, finally."
Thank God poem, at the end I'm free."
I didn't get the paper.  They gave her to Sheropoe Brown.
I went to fire running to the director of the theater department, crying historically, as if somebody would have killed my cat, asking him why and she told me that because they thought I couldn't do the risk scenes.
And I said, "Listen, if I can't do the risk stunts -- it can't do the character."
It was a role that I had literally born and gave it to an actress without brain paradigms.
College was mimicking my life.
Hollywood has a story of adding actors without disability for disability papers.
By graduation, I went home home, and my first acting journey was like extra in a television.
My dream was reality.
And I knew it would be under "Company to "The Cold friend" in a sandwich.
Instead, I stayed there as a vase -- I didn't see me more than the night, and it was obvious for me that the repair directors didn't hire greenhouse actors, not white, with disability.
They only hired perfect people.
But there were exceptions to the rule.
I grew up watching Water Goldito, Rosetta Barrow, Ell -- and all these women had one thing in common: they were comments.
So I made me humor.
In my first tour, I took famous comic comic comics from New York to New Jersey, and I would never forget the face of the first comic comics that he took when he was at high speed for the New Jersey highway with a driver that had brain paradigms.
I worked in clubs across the United States, and also in Arabic in the Middle East, without censorship and without veil.
Some people say I'm the first mold of the Arab world.
I never like to reclaim the first place, but I know you never heard that little nasty rumor that says that women are not fun, and they find us very fun.
In 2003, my brother from another mother and father, Dean Obama, and I launched the New York Colony Festival in New York City now.
Our goal was to change the negative image of the Americans in the media, and at the time you can remind the reports of the report that South and Arab are not synthesized.
Interviewing the Arab was much easier than fighting against the challenge of the stage of disability.
My big opportunity came in 2010.
I was kind of invited to the cable news program in the back with Keith Olland.
I went into a graduation dance, I was brought to a study and sat in a wheelchair.
I looked at the director and I said, "Push, can you give me another chair?"
She looked at me and said, "Fifty, four, three, two.
And we were live.
So I went to the desk desk to not go out on the screen during the secure, and when I finished the interview, I was flashed.
I finally had my opportunity and development. I knew they wouldn't invite me.
But not only Mr. Olympic came back to invite you, but it was like a full-time participant and I pasted my chair.
Something fun that I learned in direct with Keith Olland was that people on the Internet are school.
It is said that kids are crucial, but they never spread from me and a little girl or a little girl.
Suddenly, my disability on the Internet became a board object.
I see clips online with comments like, "Why do you sham?"
Is it retreated?"
And my favorite, "Poor bank terrorist.
What disease does it have?
We should really hear for it."
A comment suggested even that I would add my disability to my curve, guard, command, parameter.
disability is as visual as race.
If someone in wheelchair can't do Bethy, then Beatra can't make someone in the wheelchair.
The disabled ones are the disaster. Yes, clap, man. Come on.
We are the largest minority in the world, and the most super-controlled minority in the entertainment world.
The doctors said not walking, but I'm here in front of you.
However, having grown up with the media, I don't think it was.
I hope that together we can create more positive images of disability in media and everyday life.
Maybe if there were more positive images, that would make less hate on the Internet.
Or maybe not.
Maybe we still need all the society to teach our children.
My tragic journey has led me to very spectacular places.
I got to walk through the flash-foreign carpet display by the Silicon Luca dialogue, and the Lord Automatic electric.
I got to act in a film with Adam Singapore and to work with my pain, incredible Dave Matthews.
The world is going to get the Arab back crazy."
I was delegate in the representative of the great state of New Jersey in 2008.
And I founded "The Children of Mains, a charity of generation to give children refugee a number of what my parents gave me.
It was the only time my father saw me acting live, and I dedicated this talk to his memory.
(Piece paintings, Dad palapagos.
I call it Mall Zapan, and if I can, you can too.
I'd like to tell you a story about a child of a small village.
I don't know his name, but I know his story.
He lives in a little village to South America.
This village is near Machustri.
drought it to the small village to poverty and the edge of the innovation.
No one for him there, it goes to the great city, in this case, Macheant, the capital of Somalia.
When you get there, there are no opportunities, there's no work, no future perspective.
He ended up living in a tent in the city outside of Machustri.
After maybe a year, nothing.
One day is about a gentleman who offers him to bring it to lunch, after dinner, to decline.
He knows a dynamic group of people, which gives you a design.
It gets a little bit of money to buy new clothes, money to send home to her family.
They present a young guy.
You finally get home.
It starts a new life.
It has a goal of life.
A beautiful day in March, under a blue sky, there is a car bomb.
That little boy of that little village with the dreams of the great care was suicide terrorist, and that dynamic group of people were to the Shader, a terrorist organization connected to al Qaeda.
So how do the story of a little girl trying to fulfill their dreams in the city ends with him improvised?
He was waiting for.
I was waiting for an opportunity, hoping to start his future, waiting for a future perspective, and this was the first thing that came to him.
This was the first thing I took it out of what we call "the waiting period.
And his story is repeated in urban centers around the world.
It is the story of the seasons, young urban young people who were designing riots in Johannesburg -- they were carrying riots in London, who are looking for something beyond the waiting period."
For young people, the promise of the city, the great dream of the city is the opportunity of work, of well-being, but young people don't participate in the prosperity of their cities.
It's often the youth who suffers from the highest research rates.
By 2030, three of five people living in cities will be less than 18 years.
If we don't include young people in the growth of our cities, if we don't give them opportunity, the history of the waiting "performance," the door of access to terrorism -- to violence, to the panels, to be the history of cities 2.0 cities.
And in my city of birth, Macheant, 70 percent of young people are unemployed.
70 percent doesn't work, it doesn't go to school.
They do nothing.
I went back to Mac last month, and I went to visit the Malima hospital, the hospital where I was born.
I remember being before that hospital an awful man thinking, "What if I never had any gone?
What if I'd been forced to be in that same period of wait?"
Would it have become a terror?
I'm not really sure about the answer.
The reason I was in Macheant that month was actually to bring together a few juvenile leaders in a business end.
He removed about 90 Somali leaders.
We sat and we had a rain of ideas about solutions to great challenges facing the city.
One of the young people in the room was Adam.
He went to the University of March, graduated.
There was no work, no opportunity.
I remember when he told me, because it was a graduate university, desperately, frustrated, was the perfect white for Al Shade and other terrorist organizations, to be recruited to be recruited to be recruited to be recruited to be recruited to be recruited to be recruited to be recruited to be recruited to be recruited to be recruited to be recruited to be recruited to be recruited to be recruited
They were looking for people like him.
But this story takes a different path.
In Machustri, the biggest obstacle to get from point A to B is the streets.
Virgin years of civil war have completely destroyed the visual system, and a motorcycle can be the easiest way to move.
Adam saw an opportunity and the participation.
He started a motorcycle company.
It started supporting the local residents who normally couldn't buy them.
I bought 10 motors, with the help of his family and friends, and his dream is at some point to expand hundreds of engines over the next three years.
Why is this story different?
What does this story different?
I think its ability to identify and leverage a new opportunity.
It's the business spirit, and I think the business spirit can be the most powerful tool against the waiting period."
It empowers young people to be the creators of the economic opportunities that are looking so desperately for.
And you can train young people to be entrepreneurs.
I want to talk to you about a young man who attended one of my meetings, Mohamed Mola, a flower.
I was helping to train some of the young people in the summit of business and how to be innovative and how to create a culture of the business initiative.
In fact, it's the first flower that Machustrian has seen in more than 22 years, and until recently, until Muhammad arrived, if you wanted flowers to your wedding -- you used a plastic of plastic from the outside.
If you asked someone, "When was the last time you saw fresh flowers.
For those who grew up during the civil war, the answer would be never."
So, Muhammad saw an opportunity.
It started a company of professional landscapes and design.
He created a farm outside of Machustri, and he started to grow the telescopes and lights, that he said, could you survive the hard climate of Machustri.
And it started the delivery of flowers for wedding flows, creating gardens in the houses, and the city companies -- and now it's working on the creation of the world's first public park in 22 years.
There are no public parks in Machea.
It wants to create a space where the families, the young people, can go together, and, as he says, smell the proverbial pink.
By the way, he doesn't grow pink because they use a lot of water.
So the first step is to inspire young people, and in that room, the presence of Muhammad had a really profound impact in young people.
They had never thought about starting a business.
They had thought about working for a NGOs, working for government, but their story, their innovation, really had a strong impact about them.
I forced them to look at their city as a place of opportunity.
I encouraged them to believe that they could be entrepreneurs, that could be articles of change.
By the end of the day, they had innovative solutions for some of the biggest challenges facing the city.
They devised business solutions for local problems.
So, inspired young people and creating a business culture is really a big step, but young people need capital to make their ideas reality.
They need expertise and orientation to guide them on development and put it into their business.
They connect the young people with the resources that they need, bless the support they need to move from awareness to creation, and create catalyst for urban growth.
For me, the business spirit is something more than starting a business.
It's to create a social impact.
Muhammad is not simply selling flowers.
I think it's selling hope.
His Peace park, that's how it calls it, when it's created, transform the way people see their city.
They added children from the street to help rent and keep the motors for him.
It gave them the opportunity to escape from the participator party."
These young entrepreneurs are having a tremendous impact in their cities.
So my suggestion is: they turn young people into entrepreneurs, including and feed their inherent innovation, and they have more stories about flowers and Parks than boundaries and waiting for waiting fingers."
Thank you.
I was about 10 years old, and I went to camping with my dad in the Adam mountains, an area in upstate north of New York City.
It was a beautiful day.
The forest forest.
The sun made the leaves shine as a virtual, and not to be on the path that we had, almost we could pretend that we were the first human beings to get that land.
We got to our camp.
It was a copie in a rescue with a beautiful crystal lake when I discovered something horrible.
Behind the shed there was a sail, from about four square feet with apple heart balls -- aluminum paper balls and old cold.
And I was announced, I was very angry, incredibly confused.
The cartoons that were too lazy as to get what they had brought in, who thought it was going to clean their garbage.
That question followed with me, and it was a little bit simplified by it.
Who clean our battery?
No matter how they organize or where the ours, who clean our trash in Stanford?
Who clean our trash in Rio or Paris or London.
Here in New York City, the Clean Department of Health our battery, for 11,000 tons of waste and 2,000 tons of recyclable products every day.
I wanted to know them as individuals.
I wanted to understand who does that work.
What do you feel to use the uniform and take that charge?
So I started a research project with them.
I traveled in the trucks and walked through his trajectories and interviewed people in office and facilities across the city, and I learned a lot, but it was still an intriguing.
I needed to get more.
So I started working as a garbage recovery.
I didn't just travel in the trucks. I drove them.
And I operated the mechanical scum and the snow barrier.
It was a remarkable privilege and an amazing learning.
Everybody asks about smell.
It's there, but it's not as preparation as you believe, and in the days in which it's very strong you are being used quickly.
It costs a lot to be used to weight.
I met people who had worked on it for several years and their bodies kept holding the weight of taking on their body tons of garbage every week.
It's also the danger.
According to the Bureau of The Trees of African statistics, the waste collection is one of the 10 most dangerous occupation in the country, and I learned the reason.
You're coming out and coming into the traffic all day and you pass around around you.
They just want to happen, so in general, the driver is not paying attention.
That's really bad for the worker.
And the garbage itself is full of dangers that often fall off the truck and cause terrible damage.
I also learned about the intelligence of garbage.
When you get out of the link and you see a city from the back of the truck, you can understand that garbage is like a force of nature itself.
It never stops coming.
It's also like a way of breathing or circulation.
It should always be in motion.
And it's also the stigma.
It seems to me that stigma is especially ironic because I think the waste recovers are the most important workforce in the streets of the city, for three reasons.
They're the first public health protection.
If you don't get rid of expectations in efficient and effective form every day, this starts to break out of your container and your inherent dangers threaten us in very real ways.
The diseases that we had controlled for decades and centuries come back and they start to hurt them.
The economy needs them.
If we can't get rid of the old we don't have space for the new thing that the engines of economics start to fail when it's in danger the consumption.
I'm not advocating for capitalism, just pointing your relationship.
And then it is what I call our average speed day.
With that, I mean just at the speed that we used to move in the contemporary time.
We usually don't care about it, we don't repair or clean or take our coffee cup with us, our ball of the sentences, our water bottle.
We use them, we launch, we forget about them, because we know that there is a force force on the other side that will get rid of it.
So today I want to suggest a couple of ways to think about the collection of waste that maybe help reduce the stigma and include them in that conversation about how to design a sustainable and human city.
Their work, I think, is almost literature.
They're on the street every day, in a rhythmic form.
They use a uniform in many cities.
You know when you expect them.
And their work allows us to do our work.
They're almost a form of relief.
The flow they keep us leaves us from ourselves, from our own waste, our leaves, and that flow should always stay in one form or another.
One day after September 11th, 2001, I heard the group of a waste collection truck on the street, grabbed my little son and lowered the stairs running up, and there was a man doing his paper recycled journey, as I did all the markets.
And I tried to thank him for doing his work that day in particular, but I started crying.
And he looked at me and just assembled, and he said, "We're going to be okay.
We're going to be right."
Shortly after that, I started investigating the waste collection and I went back to see that man.
It's called Patri, we worked together many times and we made good friends.
I want to believe that Paul was right.
We're going to be okay.
But in our efforts to reimagine the way we exist on this planet as a species we should include and have in account all the costs, even the very real human cost of the labor hand.
The municipal waste, what we think when we talk about garbage is three percent of the amount of waste of the nation.
It's a remarkable statistics.
So in the flow of your days and your lives, the next one you see somebody whose work is to clean the garbage of you, take a moment to recognize it.
Take a moment to tell you about it.
My work focuses on the connection of thinking about our community life being part of the environment where architecture is born naturally from conditions and local traditions.
Today I brought two recent projects as an example of this.
Both projects are located in emerging countries, one in Ethiopia and the other one in Tunisia.
They also share the fact that different analytics from different perspectives become an essential part of the end of architecture.
The first example started with an invitation to design a commercial center of several stories in the capital of Ethiopia, Addis Aberro.
This is the kind of construction that showed us as an example, to my team and me, about what we had to design.
At first, the first thing I thought was, "I want to come out running."
After seeing some of these buildings there are many in the city we realized that there are three important aspects to restore.
In principle, these buildings are almost empty because they have very large stores where people can't afford to buy things.
Second, you need to employ a lot of energy because the crystal regime generates heat in the interior, so it's necessary for a lot of cooling it.
In a city where this shouldn't happen because it's a temperate climate that goes from 20 to 25 degrees during the entire year.
And thirdly, it has nothing to do with Africa or Ethiopia.
It's a penis that is so rich in culture and traditions.
In our first visit to Ethiopia, it was really captured with the ancient market that is this structure of free air where thousands of people, they go and buy things every day to small marketers every day.
There's also that idea of using public space to generate external activity.
So I thought, that was what I really wanted to design, not a commercial center.
But the question was how to build a modern building, from several stories, applying these principles.
The next challenge was presented by taking the site, which is located in an area of much growth in the city, where a lot of the buildings that we see in the image, didn't exist.
And it's also between two parallel streets that don't communicate in an extension of hundreds of feet.
So the first thing we did was to create a connection between these two streets, putting all the inputs out of the building.
And this extends with an inclusive attack that creates a free air space in the building that is supported, by its own shape of sun and rain.
And around this space, we've applied the idea of the market with small businesses, which changes in every floor because of the form of space.
I also thought, how do you close the building?
I wanted to find a solution that responds to local climate conditions.
And I started thinking about a tissue similar to an ant capital with participants to allow the air input and also from light, but in a filter.
Then we are inspired in these beautiful buttons of the empty extensions.
They have properties of fractal geometry, and this helped me model the family.
We're building that with these little properties that are the windows that allow the air and light in a way controlled inside of the building.
This is combined with these little crystals of colors that use the light of the building to illuminate the building at night.
With these ideas it wasn't easy to convince developers because they thought, "That's not a commercial center. It wasn't what we asked.
But ultimately, we all realized that this idea of the market turned out to be much more profitable than the commercial center, because at the end of account there was more local to sell.
And also the idea of the facade was much more economic -- not only because of the material compared to glass, but also because it wasn't necessary to have air conditioning.
So we got certain savings in the budget that we use to implement the project.
The first thing was to think about how to achieve energy automatically for the building in a city where electricity is cut almost every day.
So we got a big advantage putting the photographers on the roof.
And then under those panels we think about the roof as a new public space with areas of meeting and bars that would create this urban oasis.
And these parts on the roof, which in a place they collect water for the inside.
It's expected for early year, because we go through the fifth floor.
The second example is a master plan of 2,000 apartments and services in the city of Tunisia.
And to make a project so big, the biggest one I designed -- needed not only to understand the city of Tunisia, but also their environment, their tradition and culture.
During that analysis I put special attention in the medicine, a 1,000 year-old structure that was surrounded by a wall with twelve door doors connected by almost straight lines.
When I went to the place, the first design operation we did was extend the existing streets, creating 12 initial blocks similar in size and characteristics, to which there are in Barcelona and other cities in Europe with these pathogens.
In addition to that, we select some strategic dots in relation to the idea of interconnected doors with straight lines, and this model the initial model.
And the last operation was to think of the cell, the small cell of the project, as an apartment, as an essential part of the master plan.
I thought, what would the best orientation for an apartment in the media climate.
And it's Northern North, because it creates a thermal difference between both sides of the house, and therefore a natural ventilation.
So we overcome a scheme that makes sure most apartments are perfectly oriented in that direction.
And this is the result that's almost like a combination of the European block and the Arab city.
It has these blocks with patterns, and then in the low plant we have all the connections for the pedestrians.
And it also responds to local norms that established greater density in higher levels and a lower density in the low plant.
And it also reinforces this idea of doors.
The roof, which is my favorite space of the project is almost like retraining the community that is occupied by construction.
It's where all the neighbors, they can go up and socialize, and make the activities like running a two miles in the morning, or jumping from one building to another.
These two examples, they have a common approach in the design process.
And also, they're in emerging countries, where you can see cities literally growing.
In these cities, the impact of architecture in people's life changes communities and local economies at the same pace that build buildings.
So for this reason, I see even more important to look at architecture looking for simple but affordable solutions, which improve the relationship between the community and the environment, and they have a goal to connect nature with people.
Thank you very much.
When I was eight years old, a new girl entered our class. It was as remarkable, as you see all the new girls.
I had huge amounts of very brilliant hair and a little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little crayons -- cute. It was strong for the capital capitals of states, very good at artificial.
I ended up that year and I was full of children, until I brought my sinister plan.
One day I got a time after the school exit -- I was a little sooner and I hid in the girls' bathroom.
When the cost was leaping, I went out in the classroom, I took the table of my teacher the book of grades.
And then, I did.
I altered the ratings of my rival -- just a little bit, just a few ...
All the way.  And I went back to the book to the bird, but some of my other colleagues had very good notes as well.
So in a server, I ran the notes around the world, without any imagination.
I put all of them out of D and myself a row of that, just because I could be there.
I still surprised what I did.
I don't understand how the idea came along.
I don't understand why I felt good doing it.
I felt important.
I don't understand why I never caught me.
It was that everything was completely obvious.
They never discovered me.
But above all, I was given the reason why I was bothered that this childhood, so small, was so good at artificial.
I get into the children.
They're so mysterious and so permanent.
We know that babies suffer from children.
The primates. The light birds are very properly.
We know that the cells are the number one cause of cancer statistics in the United States.
And yet, I've never seen a study that analyzes loneliness or long duration or sadness.
So you have to go to fiction, because the novels are like the laboratory in which the cells are studied in all its possible shapes.
In fact, I don't know if it's an exaggeration to say that if there were no children, I would have not literature.
Well, there would be no Helen the unhappy -- no Ebola.
There would be no frozen king or "The 1,000 and a night.
There was no Shakespeare.
They took the reading list of high school reading lists, because we would be losing "The Red and the Furry," there would be no Gandhi and Filtresse." We lost "Momet Border, and "Announce K."
Without children, there is no Prost. I know it's fashionable to say that Project has the answers for everything, and in terms of the canvas, almost you have them all.
This year was 100 years of his master work, "In search of the lost time, the most extraordinary study of sexual cells, and also of ordinary competition, my own, everything we could have.  And thinking about Project, we have the sensual details, right?
We think of a kid trying to reconcile sleep.
We think of a magnificent machine in your sandwich.
We forgot how hard that image.
We forgot what it is.
I mean, it's about books that Virginia Wollar said they were as hard as cat trick.
I don't know what the cat trick is, but we assume it's surprise.
Let's see why they go so well together, the novel and the children, the children and Project.
Is it going to be very obvious as the children, who are reduced to the person, to their wish, to their impressions, are a good narrative of natural?
I don't know. I think we get very close to the bone, when we think about what happens when we feel choices.
When we feel channels, we tell ourselves a story.
A story about the lives of other people, and those stories make us feel terrible because they're designed for that, to make us feel bad.
Being at the same time narratives and audience, we know exactly what details to include to raise the knife -- right?
The cells make us all amateur novels, and that's something that Prosome understood.
Everything that she does to give me pleasure could be pleasure to another, maybe right now."
And he starts telling himself that story, and since then, Project says that every fresh love that Disney detects in his lover -- he adds him to his collection of torture instruments in his private camera.
You have to admit that Stanley and Protoro, they were notoriously choice.
You know, Project nodes would have to abandon the country, if they wanted to break with it.
But you don't have to be so cool to recognize that it's a tough job. Right?
The cells are self-controlled.
It's a hungry emotion. You have to feed it.
And how are the floors?
The cells nurture the information.
The cells use the details.
The cells like the big amounts of brilliant hair and the cute little amount of pencil strings.
The cells are nutrients from the photos.
This is why Instagram is so successful --  Produce links the language of the language with the children.
When Sino is in its chainsaw range, suddenly listening behind the doors and bribe to the services of their lover -- then they defend those behaviors.
He says, "Look, I know you think this is replicating, but it's not different than the interpretation of an old text or to look at a monopology."
He says, "It's scientific research with real intellectual value.
Programmer is trying to prove that the cells look intrinsic and make us seem absurd, but in their mind, they are search for knowledge, search for the truth, a painful truth. In fact, what Project will rise, the better the truth.
pain, humiliation, loss loss, these were the pathways to the wisdom of Progress.
He says, "A woman whom we need, that makes us suffer, it causes us a lot of much more profound and vital feelings than a wise man who can care about.
Is it telling us that we're going to look for crucial women.
No. I think it's trying to say that the cells revealed ourselves.
And there is some other emotion that makes us open in this particular way?
Is there any other emotion revealed us our aggressive, our horrible ambition and our rights?
Any other emotion that teaches us to look at such peculiar intensity.
Freud would write about this later.
One day, Freud was visited by a very short young man who was consumed with the idea that her woman would deceive him.
And Freud says there was something weird in that man, who didn't look at what his wife did.
Because she was innocent -- everybody knew it.
The poor creature was under suspicion without any cause.
But he was looking for things that he did his wife without realizing -- involuntary behaviors.
Does it sound too much -- or did you have accidentally rock with a man?
Freud says that the man was becoming the context of the unconscious of his wife.
The novels are really good at this.
The novels describe very well how the cells make us look at intensity, but without precision.
In fact, the more intensely zeros we are, the more we become residents of fantasy.
And for this reason, I think, the cells lead us to make violent or illegal act.
The cells propelled us to behave in completely unimaginable ways.
I'm thinking about me in my age of eight years old, I recognize it. But I'm also thinking about this story I heard in the news.
A 25-year-old Michaela woman was captured by having created a fake account on Facebook since the very smart messages were sent to himself, for a year.
For one year. It's a year.
She was trying to figure out the new girlfriend of his former night, I have to confess that when or this, reacted with administration.
Because, let's be realistic.
What's huge -- even though unfortunately, creativity. Right?
It's like novel.
Like a novel of Patrice Higgs.
Higgs is one of my favorites.
She's a very strange and brilliant character of American literature.
It's the stream of "Terrorists in a Tree," and "The Talk Mr. Robia, books that are dealing with how the children, they confuse our minds, and once we're in the sphere, in the realm of the chains, the membrane that separates what it might be, can be performed in a second.
Take Tom Rick, his most famous character.
Tom Rick is going to burn or want what you have to take away from your own and to stand out of what you ever had, and it's under the floor -- it responds to your name, takes your rings, empty your bank accounts.
It's a way.
But what do we do? We can't take the route of Tom Rick.
I can't give you all around the world, both as sometimes I wanted to.
It's a landscape, because we live in times of envy.
We live in times of cells.
I mean, we're good citizens of social networks, where the currency is the environment? Right?
The novels show us the room? I'm not sure.
So we're going to do what characters always do when they're not sure, when they're in a mystery.
Let's go to 244 of Baker Street and ask So Saturn Hollywood.
When people think about Hollywood, they think about the malaria manufacturer in Professor Moramunity, that criminal genius.
But I've always preferred -- "I invited the Speech Lester, the head face of Scott Sea that needs Hollywood desperately -- needs the Hospital genius, but it bothers him.
Oh, it sounds so familiar.
Lester needs his help, but the answer, and bubble with bitterness, in each of the mystery.
But as they work together, something starts to change, and finally in "The Six Naptics Adventure, once Hollywood comes in, he delivers all of them with his solution, Lester back to Hollywood and says, "We're not jealous -- Mr. Hello.
We're proud of you."
And he tells him that there is no person at Scott Yeah who didn't want to write my hand.
It's one of the times that we see Hollywood in the history -- it seems to me very emotional -- that scene is also mysterious, right?
It seems to treat the cells as a geometry problem, without emotion.
You know, in a Hollywood minute is the opposite side of Lester.
The next minute are the same side.
All of a sudden, Lester is allowed to admire that idea of being him.
Could it still be so simple.
What if the cells are really a geometry, just a question of where we allow us to be in relation to the other?
Well, maybe we don't have to take responsibility from the other.
We can align it with it.
But I like contact plans.
So as we expect that to happen, we remember that we have the fiction.
Only the fiction.
The fiction alone is donored to the table.
And look what I cut -- the Legal Lester, the terrifying Tom Rick, the crazy Sink, the March Program.
We're in excellent company.
Thank you.
We used to solve big problems.
On July 21, 1969, Buzz Aldrin jumped out of the Apollo 11 of Apollo 11 and discovered the Mary of Transparency.
Armstrong and Alexander were alone, but his presence in the gray surface gray was the culmination of a conventional collective process.
The Apollo program was the largest movement in time in the U.S. history.
To get to the moon, NASA spent about 180 billion dollars today, or four percent of the federal budget.
The Apollo gave work to about 400,000 people and asked the collaboration of 20,000 companies, universities and government agencies.
People died, including Apollo One.
But before the Apollo program, 24 men traveled to the moon.
He was walking on their surface, of which Alexander after the Arab death last year, is now the oldest one.
So, why did they go?
They didn't bring a lot of back, 360 pounds of old rocks and something that the 24 emphasize later, a new sense of the small and fragility of our common home.
Why are they? The cynical answer is that they were because President Kennedy wanted to demonstrate the Soviet News, that this nation had better rockets.
But the words of Kennedy at the University of Rice in 1962, they give us a better idea.
John F. Kennedy -- some questions, why the Moon Moore?
Why do you turn it into our goals?
And they could also ask, why scale the mountain hardest mountain?
35 years ago, why fly about the Atlantic.
Why does Rice play against Texas.
We choose to go to the moon.
We choose to go to the moon.
We choose to go to the moon in this decade, and do other things, not because they're simple, but because they're hard.
Jason Pound: For the contents, the Apollo was not just a victory of the West on the Cold War.
In the time, the strongest emotion was to wonder to the transcendence, the power of the power of technology.
They were because it was great to do it.
The landing on the moon happened in a context of a long list of technological transistors.
The first half of the 20th century produced the assembly line and the plane, the penicillin and the vaccine for tuberculosis.
In the middle of the century, the polio is eradicated and removed the smallpox.
Technology seemed to take what Alvin Tombotta in 1970 called a "place "shape "effective."
For most of the history of humanity, we couldn't go faster than a horse, or a ship with candle but in 1969, the Apollo 10 flew to 40,000 miles an hour.
Since 1970, no human being, has gone back to the moon.
No one has traveled faster than the Apollo 10, and the optimism joy about the power of technology has been used to see that the problems that we imagine is that the technology will solve how to go to Mars, create a clean energy, to cure cancer or feed the world population seem to be interesting result.
I remember seeing the Apollo 17.
He was five years old, and my mother told me that he didn't look at the escape tube called the Saturn V.
I knew that this would be the last minimum mission, but I was completely sure I was going to see the colonies on Mars.
So that of something happened to our ability to solve problems with technology, has become a common place.
We hear it all the time.
We've heard it over the last two days here, at TED.
It looks like the technologies would have distributed us, and they had been enriched with trivial toys, things like iPhone, applications and social networks, or algorithms that accelerate the automated sell.
There's nothing wrong with most of these things.
They've expanded and enriched our lives.
But they don't solve the big problems of humanity.
What happened?
There is a programmable explanation in Silicon Valley, who has been created less ambitious than those of the years in which Intel finance, Microsoft, Apple and General.
Silicon Valley says that markets are cultures, in concrete, the incentives that risk capitalists offer to business.
Silicon Valley says that the risk investment caused that the creation of transformative ideas for the funding of incremental problems or even false problems.
But I don't think this explanation is good enough.
It explains mostly what's wrong with Silicon Valley.
Even when risk capitalists were in their liquid point without worrying about the risk, they prefer small investment, hidden investments that they could come out in 10 years.
The CRISPR has always had trouble to invest with benefits in technologies as an energy, which need a huge capital and whose development is in the long term -- have never invested in the development of determined technologies to solve big problems because they don't have an immediate commercial value.
No, the reasons why we can't solve big problems are more complicated and profound.
Sometimes, we choose not to solve the big problems.
We could go to Mars if we wanted to.
NASA has even designed a plan.
But going to Mars would require a political decision that was popular, and that will never happen.
We're not going to go to Mars because everybody thinks there are more important things to do on Earth.
Sometimes, we can't solve the big problems because political systems fail.
Today, less than two percent of global energy consumption comes from renewable energy sources like solar and wind and biofuels. Less than two percent, and the reason is completely economic reason.
Carbon and natural gas are cheaper than solar and wind, and oil is cheaper than the biofuels.
We want power sources that can compete in price. They don't exist.
Now, the technologists and entrepreneurs and economists agree about how policies and international treaties would increase the development of alternative energy, mostly a significant increase in research and energy development, and some kind of control of the coal.
But there is no hope in the political climate that we will see a U.S. energy policy or international treaties that reflect that consensus.
Sometimes, the big problems that they look like technology, it turns out not to be.
We know for time that famine is a result of failure in the realm of food.
But 30 years of research have taught us that famines are political crisis that affect the distribution of food.
Technology can improve things like harvest or systems for storage and food repair and the humans while there are bad governments.
Finally, the big problems sometimes make a solution because we don't understand the problem really.
President Nixon will declared the war to cancer in 1971, but we soon discovered that there are many kinds of cancer, some terribly resistant to treatment, and only in the last 10 years seem to have found effective and viable treatments to have found.
Hard problems are hard.
It's not true that we couldn't solve the problems with technology.
We can and we should, but these four elements have to be present -- political leaders and population should want to solve the problem: institutions must support the solution, it must actually be a technological problem, and we should understand it.
The Apollo mission, which has become something like a metaphor for the ability of technology to solve big problems, with those criteria.
But it's a profit model in the future.
We're not in 1961.
There's no galaxy competition like the Cold War, there is no policy like John Kennedy who works the hard and the dangerous, and there's no popular science mythology like exploring the solar system.
In general, going to the moon it turned out to be simple.
I was just three days.
And really, it wasn't even solving any problem.
We're alone in our present, and the solutions of the future will be harder to get.
God knows that we don't miss the challenges.
Thank you very much.
Well, I'm going to talk about trust about trust, and I'm going to start by reminding you the general ideas that you have about trust.
They're so common that they have become cliche of our society.
I think it's three.
The first one is a record. There's been a great decline of trust, it's a very widespread belief.
The second is a goal, we should have more trust.
And the third is a task. We should recover trust.
I think the record, the goal and the task have been interpreted.
What I'm going to try to tell you today is a different story about a record, a goal and a task, which I think gives a more clear idea about the subject.
First of all, why do people think that trust has disappeared?
And if I think about the basis of my own evidence, I don't know the answer.
I am encouraging to think that it may have declined in some activities or institutions, and that could have increased in others.
I don't have it clear.
But I can go back to opinion polls and opinion polls are supposedly the source of the belief that trust has decreased.
When you look at the opinion polls over time, there are no evidence of it.
I mean, the people who were defined 20 years ago, mostly journalists and politicians, continue to inspire the same disaster.
And the people who were very reliable about 20 years ago, they remain pretty reliable, judges, nurses.
The rest of us are in the middle, and by the way, the average citizen of the street is almost exactly halfway in the way.
But is this evidence enough.
What the opinion polls are recorded is, of course, opinions.
What else can you record?
What you look at is the generic attitudes that people manifest when you ask them certain questions.
Does it trust the politicians, trust the teachers?
Now, if somebody asked you, "Do you trust the brain?
Do you trust the fish?
You trust the primary teacher?"
You'd probably start for asking, "To do what?"
And that would be a very sensible answer.
And you could say, when you've answered your question, "Well, trust some, but in other not."
Which is very rational.
Ultimately, in real life, we tend to deposit trust in a different way.
We don't assume that the level of trust that we're going to feel like by a certain kind of office, function or kind of person, is going to be uniform in all cases.
I could, for example, say I trust a certain primary teacher that I know to give the kind of reading, but no way to drive the school microbes.
After all, I could know that it wasn't a good driver.
I could trust my most crazy friend to keep a conversation, but no, maybe to keep a secret.
Simple.
And if we've gotten those evidence in our everyday lives in the way that trust is different, why do we leave the entire knowledge when we think about trust more abstract way?
I think the surveys are very bad tools to measure the real level of real trust, because they try to obvious the good judgment to the fact to trust something or somebody.
Second, what about the goal?
The goal is to have more trust.
Frankly, I think it's a stupid goal.
This is not the goal that I would have.
I would start to have more confidence in what it is to deserve trust, but not what it's not.
In definition, I'm a chance to not trust what is not reliable.
And I think that those people who developed their savings with the very precisely called Mr. Madower, who then disappeared with them, I think about them, and I think, well, yeah, they were too confused.
Having more confidence is not a smart goal in this life.
Trust dependent or denied with intelligence, that's the right goal.
Once you say, you say, yeah, that's worth that what matters first is not trust, but trustworthiness.
What it's about is making a judgment about how reliable people are in certain aspects of it.
And I think that in order to make a trial, we're forced to focus on three things.
Are you complex? Are you honest? Are you responsible.
And if we find that a person is competition in the permanent materials, and it's responsible and honest, then we'll have a very good reason to trust it, because it's going to be worthy of trust.
But if, in the contrary, they're not responsible for it, we couldn't trust them.
I have friends who are competitive and honest, but I wouldn't trust them to take a letter to the mail because they're forgiveness.
I have friends who are very sure that they can do certain things, but I see that they overestimate their own competition.
And I'm very glad to say that I think I don't have a lot of friends that are competitive and responsible but extremely destinations.
If it is, I still haven't caught me.
But that's what we're looking for -- trustworthiness.
Trust is the answer.
Health is what we need to judge with.
And, of course, it's hard.
In the last few decades, we've tried to build accountability systems for all kinds of institutions, professionals, officials and so forth, that made us easier the task of judging their trustworthiness.
Many of those systems have had the opposite effect.
They don't work as they should.
And I remember once I was talking to a piece and he said, "Well, you see, the problem is that it takes more time to make the administrative paper than to attend the game in yours."
And we found the same problem in all our public life, and institutional life, that the accountability system that is destined to guarantee trustworthiness. And the evidence of trustworthiness. It's actually doing the opposite.
What they do is they have to have the work of people who have to do difficult tasks like the parts, demanding them to mark the classrooms, as we say.
You know, you all know similar examples.
All that, for the target.
I think the goal should be more confident, and that things would be different if we try to be worthy of trust, and we are transmitted to the people that we're trustworthy and if we try to determine whether other people, officials or politicians are worthy of trust.
It's not easy. It's the trial, the simple actions, the attitudes, what is not done properly.
Third, task.
To call the task rebuild trust, put things upside down.
It suggests that you and I should reconstruct trust.
Well, we can do it with ourselves.
We can reconstruct the trustworthiness.
We can do it if they're two people, together, trying to improve trust.
But trust, in definition, is distinctive because we have other people.
You can't rebuild what other people have given you.
You have to give them enough bases to be able to trust you.
You have to be worthy of trust.
And that, of course, is because you can't get sick, usually to all people, all the time.
But you also have to give you ugly evidence that you're worthy of trust.
How do we do that?
That gets every day, everywhere, the common people, the officials -- the institutions, the institutions, very effective.
I'll give you a simple business example.
The store where I buy my socks says I can take them back without giving explanation.
I take them and give me the money, or they change them for the color that I want.
That's great. I trust them because they became vulnerable to me.
I think there's a big lesson in that.
If you get vulnerable to the other part, that's a very good proof that you are worthy of trust, and you have trust in what you're saying.
So at the end, I think that what we're aiming is not something very difficult to distribute.
What people trust is the relationships, and in that framework, they can determine when and how the other person is worthy of trust.
Thank you.
From the beginning of computers we have been striving for reducing the separation between us and the digital information, the separation between our material world and the world of the screen where the imagination can be designed.
This separation has been reducing, increasingly and more, to such a point that today is less than one millimeter, the thickness of the glass of a tactile screen, and the power of computing has become accessible to all.
But I wonder, and if there was no barrier?
I started imagining what it was.
And first created this tool that goes into digital space, so when the strong exercise against the screen transfers its physical body to the pieces.
Designers can kill their ideas directly in 3D, and surgeons can practice with virtual organs underneath the screen.
So, with this tool they break the barriers out.
But the two hands remain still out of the screen.
How do you get inside and interact with digital information using all the dexterity of your hands?
In the Apple Science division of Microsoft, along with my mentor Matt Bolland, he was shrinking the computer and transformed a little space on the keyboard in a digital area of work.
Combining a transparent bombsight with deep cameras to detect the fingers and the face, now you can raise the hands of the keyboard, get inside of 3D space, and grab pixels directly with your hands.
Like the windows and the files have a location in real space, to select them is as easy as grab a book from a shelf.
You can look at the book and take lines or words with the virtual tactile sensor that is below every floating screen.
architects can stretch or rotate their models directly with hands.
In these examples, we enter the digital world.
What if we invest the papers and make digital information come to us?
And surely, many of us will have bought and turning things on the Internet.
Now that doesn't have to worry about.
What I have here is a virtual taste of the Internet.
This is the vision that you get from a device mounted in your head or translucent when the system understands the geometry of your body.
If we took this idea further, I thought, instead of just seeing pixels in space, how can we make them physical so we can touch them and feel it?
What would a future look like?
At the MIT Media Lab, with my tutor Hiroshi Isaata and my collaborator Richard Pound, we created this only physical pixel line.
This spherical magnet is behaving as a 3D pixel in space, which means that as much computer as users can move the object anywhere inside this little three-dimensional space.
Simplified, what we did was to bring gravity and control the movement through a combination of magnetic levitation and mechanical and detectors action.
And when we program the object, we release it from the constraints of time and space, which means that human movements can record and go back and stay in the physical world.
You can teach physically and distance and famous take from Michael Jordan, you can reproduce as a physical reality the times we want.
Students can use it as a tool to understand complicated concepts like the movement of planets, physics, and, unlike the monitors or text books, this is a real, palpable experience that you can play and feel. It's very powerful.
But what's more fascinating than changing the physical part of the computer is to imagine how to program the world is going to change our everyday physical activities.
As you see, digital information is not just going to show you something but to start acting directly about us as part of the physical world that surrounds us without that we have to get rid of our world.
We started the talk today talking about a barrier, but if we suppress that barrier, the only limit that is left is our imagination.
Thank you.
I was trained to become a giant for two years in Hunterland, China, in the '70s.
When I was in first grade, the government wanted to transfer a school for athletes with all expenses paid.
But my tiger mother said, "No."
My parents wanted me to become engineering, like them.
After surviving the Cultural Revolution, they firmly believed that there was only a true path towards happiness -- a safe and second job.
No matter if the job would like or not.
But my dream was to be a Chinese opera singer here.
This was me, in my imaginary piano.
A opera singer should start training from very young people to learn the embraces, so I tried everything I could to go to opera school.
I even wrote to the director of school and the presentation of a radio program.
But no adults would love the idea.
No adults made me seriously.
Only my friends supported me, but they were kids, without authority, like me.
So at the age of 15, I knew it was too much greater to train.
My dream would never be done.
So, during the rest of my life a second class happiness was the only thing I could aspire to.
And this was so unfair.
So I resolved to look for another cow.
Nobody around me wanted to teach me? Okay.
I turned to books.
"The Samplene College of Samare -- "The "Team Cheese History," in Nation Canada I came to America in 1995, and what were the first books that he here?
Those who were banned in China, of course.
"The Good Earth is about Chinese change life.
And it's not convictive pressure. I understand.
The Bible is interesting, but strange.
That's a topic for another day.
But the fifth commandment for me was a revolution, "Homes to your father and your mother."
"Homers, I said, "It's so different, and much better than open."
So it became my tool to come out of this confusion of conflict and to reset the relationship with my parents.
The encounter with a new culture also gave my computer reading habit.
It provides a lot of perspective.
For example, at the beginning this map seemed to me, because this is what students in China learn.
I had never occurred to me, that China didn't have to be in the center of the world.
A map involves people's perspective.
Company reading is not new.
It's a common practice in the academic world.
There are all the way to research camps as comparison and comparative literature.
To compare and contract, it offers academics a deeper understanding of a subject.
And I thought that if the comparative reading worked to research, why not do it in everyday life?
So I started reading books of two.
You can treat the "General Franklin of Walter Silicon Adams, who were involved in a same access, or friends with shared experiences.
For the crisis, the temptation is economic, policies and spiritual ones.
By the Buddha -- it's all psychological psychologists: lust, fear and the social duty -- interesting.
If you know another language, it's also fun to read their favorite books in two languages.
"The path of Channel Turkey Thomas Merry Marian, Alan Watson instead of losing me in translation -- I found you can win a lot of it.
For example, it's through the translation that I realized that happiness in Chinese literally means "and "she can really fast fast."
And "November, in Chinese, literally means new mother." Oh chocophie.
The books opened me a magic door to connect with people from the past and the present.
I know it's not just going to feel alone or impossible.
Having a desperate dream is really nothing compared to what many others have suffering.
I've come to believe that reality is not the only purpose of a dream.
Their most important purpose is to connect with the place of the dreams, where the dreams come from, where happiness comes from.
Even a desert dream can do that for you.
And it's because of the books, that I'm here today, happy, living again with purpose and clearly, most of the time.
So books always get them out.
Thank you.
Thank you.  Thank you.
When I was in my 20s, I saw my first click of psychotherapy.
I was a documentary student in clinical psychology, in Berkeley.
She was a 26 year-old woman called Alex.
Alex walked into the first session using vaccines and a subject toy, he threw on the couch of my office he took off the shoes and told me I wanted to talk about his problems with men.
When I heard this, I felt so raised.
My class of class had a picture as the first client.
And I got a seller that I wanted to talk about men.
I thought I could handle it.
But I didn't.
With the funny stories that Alex brought the sessions, it was easy to move the head while we went down the solution.
The terms are the new versions," he said, Alex, and so I saw her, she was right.
You start to work after that, you house later, you have children after the death passes later.
For see as Alex and I had time to go.
But shortly after, my supermarket prepared me to press Alex to talk about his loving life.
I was resistant to me.
I said, "Oh, of course, he's coming out with guys under his category, and he agreed with a hollow head, but it's not like it was going to marry him."
And then my supermarket said, "No, no, but maybe it's married with the next one.
Also, the best time to work at the marriage of Alex is before it can be carrying."
This is what psychologists call a "make a "maker."
It was when I realized that the '30s are not the new 20.
Yes, people feel head after what they were used from, but this didn't make the 20th of Alex a pause in their development.
This made the 20th of Alex the perfect moment, and we were wasting it.
So I realized, that this kind of benign neuroscience was a real problem, and it had real consequences -- not only for Alex and his loving life, but for the careers, the families and the future of the sea of seller everywhere.
There are 50 million views in the United States, today.
This means 15 percent of the population, or 100 percent if they consider no one to the adult without going to the 20s.
Raise your hand if you're in your 20.
I want to see the several seeds here.
Oh, yeah. They're amazing.
If you work with seed, you love a sea, you remove the dream a sea, I want to see. It's good. It's incredible, the vessels really matter.
This is not just my opinion. These are the facts.
We know that 80 percent of the key moments in life will happen at 35 years.
This means that eight of every 10 decisions and experiences and moments and moments that shape their life will have happened to when they have 30 and so on.
People from over 40, don't train in panic.
This audience is going to be good, I think.
We know that the first 10 years of a race have an exponential impact about how much money they will win.
We know more than half Americans are married, they live or they are coming out with their future partner at 30 years.
We know that the brain ends up their second and last stage of growth in their 20s and reproduces for adults, which means that if there's something they want to change themselves, now is the time to change themselves.
We know that personality changes more times during their 20s than at any point of life, and we know that female fertility comes to their top at the age of 18, and things become complicated to 35 percent.
The 20 are the time to educate on their body and their options.
When we think about the development of the child, we all know that the first five years are crucial for language and attachment in the brain.
It's a moment where its daily and common life has an impact in the person who will become the person.
But what we don't hear often is that there is something called adult development and our 20s are a critical moment in adult development.
But this is not what the views are listening.
The newspapers talk about changes on the line of the adult time.
The researchers call the 20s an extended adolescence.
The journalists are telling you ridiculous names, like "Tropics, and "Shakespeare."
It's true.
As a culture, we have considered a trivial that actually is the decade that defines adulthood.
Leonardo Bertise said that to achieve big things, you need a plan and not enough time.
Isn't it true?
What do you think happens when you give a piece on your head and say, "You have another 10 years to start your life?
Nothing happens.
They stole that person the sense of emergency and their ambition and not absolutely anything.
And then every day, you see smart, interesting like you or your children and daughters come to my office and say something like this: "I know my girlfriend is not good for me, but this relationship doesn't count, but this relationship is I'm just killing time."
Or they say, "Everybody says that as you start a race before the 30, everything will be OK."
But then it starts to sound something like this: "My 20 are for me, and I still have nothing to show you.
I had better crossing the day I graduated from college.
And then it starts to sound like this: "My dates during the 20th were like the game of the chairs.
They all run and they fun, but then at some point around the 30, it turned out the music and everybody began to sit down.
I didn't want to be the only one who would stay standing on, so sometimes I think I married my husband because he was the nearest chair when I was 30."
Where are the several seeds here?
Don't do that.
Well, that sounds a little bit extreme, but you don't get wrong, the risks are very high.
When you leave a lot of things for the '30s -- there's a huge pressure to the trains and so many of you to start a city, pick a city, pick up a couple, and have two or three children in a much more short period of time.
Many of these things are not compassion, and there are research that starts to show, which is much more difficult and stressful to do everything in the 30.
The middle-aged crisis is not about buying red sports cars.
It's about realizing you can't have the career you want now.
Realizing you can't have the son you want now, or you can't give you a brother to your son.
A lot of triangles and corresponds to themselves, and to me, sitting in the room, and they talk about their 20, "What was he doing? What was he thinking?"
I want to change what the vessels are doing and thinking.
Here's a story of how it could be.
It's a story about a woman called Emmanue.
By the age of 25, Emma came to my office because he was in his own words, having an identity crisis.
He said it would like to work in art or in entertainment, but you still couldn't decide, so I spent the last few years working as a message.
As it was cheaper, he lived with a girlfriend that showed more temperature than ambition than ambition.
And despite living about 20 very difficult, his previous life had been even harder.
He would often cry in our sessions, but then she got up to her to say, "You don't choose your family, but you can choose your friends."
Well, one day Emma got her head on his legs and cried for almost every hour.
I had just bought a new piece of thing for a principal, and he had spent the whole morning by looking at it with his many contacts but then he stayed watching the empty space that follows after the words "In the Earth Casema please call ..."
I was at the point of the story when he saw me and said, "Who's going to be for me if I have a car accident.
Who is going to care about if I get cancer?
At that time, I had a lot of work to resist and not say, "Aye."
What Emma needed was not a terrorist that was really worried about.
Emma needed a better life, and I knew this was his opportunity.
I had learned a lot since I worked with Alex as to just sit while the Emma decision of Emma was going.
So, over the next few weeks and months, I told Emma three things that everything see, man or woman, deserves to know.
First of all, I told Emma that would forget that crisis of identity and get an identity capital.
By identity, I mean doing something that adds value to its person.
Do something that's an investment in what you want to be later.
I didn't know the future of the Earth of Emma and no one knows the future of work, but I know this: identity of identity makes identity capital.
So now it's the moment for that work on the other side of the country, of that internal, of that company that you want to test.
I'm not describing the exploration of the view, I'm describing the exploration that I shouldn't say, that, by the way, it's not exploration.
It's progressive.
I told Emma that I would explore jobs and make them tell you.
Second, I told Emma that urban tribes are surprisingly.
The best friends are excellent to take to the airport, but the views that come together with friends with similar minds are limited by who they know, what they know, how they think, how they talk, and where they work.
That new piece of capital, that new person who will come out almost always comes from its closest circle.
New things come from what's called weak lines of friends of their friends.
Yes, half of the 20s have a bad job or they don't have work.
But the other half won't, and the weak links are the way we could get to this group.
Half of the working jobs are never published, then knowing the head of your neighbor is the way to get a job not published.
It's not cheating. It's the science of how information happens.
Finally, but not least, Emma thinks you don't choose to your family, but I know your friends.
This was true when I was growing up, but as a seller, Emma soon chose his family when he has a partner and it forms his own family.
I told Emma that time to choose his family had come.
Maybe they think that 30 is better age to sit head than 20 or even 25 and I agree with you.
But to choose the person with which you live right now, or you see now when everyone on Facebook starts walking towards the high is not progress.
The best time to work on your marriage is before you have, and that means to be as intentional in love as you're at work.
Clicking your family must be a conscious choice of who and what you want instead of only doing it or killing time with whoever it is that you choose to you.
So what happened with Emily?
Well, we looked at that principal, and she found a quarter of a cousin that worked in an art museum in another state.
This weak link helped him get a work there.
That working supply gave him a reason to leave the boyfriend with the living one.
Now, five years later, it's special organizations of museums in museums.
This married with a man who chosen consciously conscious.
He loves his new career, I love his new family, and I sent a letter that said, "Now the emergency stations of emergency are not big enough.
The story of Emma can sound easy, but that's what I love about working with see.
It's very easy to help them.
The several of them are like planes coming out of the Los Angeles airport, which go somewhere from the West.
Just before the task, a slight advertise in its trajectory makes the difference between landing in Alaska or in Fitah.
In the same way, at 21 or the age of 25, and even at the age of 29, a good conversation, a good speech, a good TED Talk can have huge effects in the next years or even in the next generation.
Here's my idea worthy of spreading all the seeds you know.
It's as simple as what I learned to tell Alex.
It's what I now have the privilege of saying to you like Emma every day: The terms are not the new 20, raise their adult, get identity capital, use their weak lines, choose to your family.
Don't let it define why they didn't know what they didn't know.
They're deciding their life today.
Thank you.
When I was 27 years old, I left a very extensive job in management consulting for a work that was even more excited?
I went to teach them mathematics to seventh grade students in New York City.
And as any professor, I applied tests and testing.
I gave them tasks.
When the work came back, I calculated the grades.
What struck me was that the I.Q. wasn't the only difference between my best and my worst students.
Some of those who had a better performance didn't have a contact of status C.
Some of my smartest kids were not going so well.
And that put me to think.
The kind of things you need to learn in mathematics in seventh grade, secure, are difficult, proportions, decisions, the area of a paralymor.
But these concepts are not impossible, and I was very convinced that each of my students could learn the lesson if they worked hard and during enough time.
After several years of doctor, I got to the conclusion that what we need in education is a better understanding of students and learning from a multinational perspective, from a psychological perspective.
In education, the only thing we know how to measure the best way.
It's the CII, but what if to succeed in school and in life depends on much more than the ability to learn a quick and easy way?
So I left the classroom and I went to college to become psychology.
I started studying kids and adults in all kinds of challenges, and in every study my question was, who is successful here and why?
My research team and I went to the Millennium West Point.
We tried to predict what chains remain in the military training and who would be represented.
We went to the National Context of Deley and tried to predict what children will move as far as possible in competition.
We study novel teachers working in really difficult neighborhoods, asking us what teachers are still teaching for the end of the school year and those who will be the most effective thing to improve the results of learning from their students.
We partnered with private companies, asking ourselves, which of these marketers are going to keep their job out of work?
Who is going to make more money?
In all those very different contexts, a trait arose as a major pressure of success.
And it wasn't the social intelligence.
It wasn't the good appearance of physical health, and it wasn't the I.Q.
It was detection.
Decentralize is passion and perseverance.
Determination is to have resistance.
Decentralism is clinging to their future, day after day, not just for the week, not just for the month, but for years and working really hard to make that future a reality.
Decentralism is to live life as if it was a marathon -- not a career at all.
A few years ago, I started studying the determination in the public schools.
I asked thousands of high school students who did my determinations of determination and then wait about more than a year to see who were graduated.
It turns out that children with more determination had significantly greater chance to graduate degrees, even when they put them in every feature that I could measure, things like family income, the results of standardized tests, even the security that children felt when they were in school.
So it's not just at West Point or at the National Context of Deley where the detection matters -- it's also in school, especially for children in risk of dropping it.
For me, the most shocking thing about determination is how little we know, the little thing you know about your development.
Every day, parents and teachers ask me, "How do I develop determination in children?
What should I do to teach kids an ethical sound of work?
How do you keep them motivated for the long stock?"
The most honest answer is: I don't know.  What I know is that talent doesn't give you determination.
Our data shows very clearly that there are many talented individuals who simply don't go ahead with their commitment.
In fact, in our data, the common determination is not related or is even related to the talent measurements.
So far, the best idea I've heard about developing the determination in children is something called growth metaphor."
This is an idea developed at Stanford University by Carol December, and it's the belief that the ability to learn is not fixed.
Dr. December has shown that when kids read and learn about the brain and how it changes and grows in response to challenge, they're much more likely to perceive when they fail, because they don't think that failure is a permanent condition.
So growth is a great idea to develop detection.
But we need more.
And that's where my speech, because that's where we are.
That's the work we have in front of it.
We need to take our best ideas, our strongest institutions, and we need to test them.
We need to measure if they've been successful and we have to be willing to fail, to make it wrong, to start everything again with lessons learning.
In other words, we need to be determined about making our children more determined.
Thank you.
Growing up in Taiwan as the daughter of a sharp, one of my most skilled memories is my mother showing the beauty, the way and the shape of Chinese characters.
From that moment, I was wonderful for this incredible language.
But for an extreme, it seems to be as clever as the Great War Carte.
In the last few years, I've been wondering if I can throw this wall, so that you want to understand and appreciate the beauty of this sophisticated language can do it.
I started thinking about how a new and rapid method of learning Chinese could be useful.
Since I was five years old, I began to learn how to draw each of the traces of every character in the right sequence.
I learned new characters every day for the next 15 years.
Since we only have five minutes, it's better than we do it in a faster and faster way.
A Chinese academic would understand 20,000 characters.
You just need a thousand to understand basic algorithms.
The first 200 will allow you to understand 40 percent of the basic literature -- enough to read signs of transit signals, mentors of restaurants to understand the basic idea of websites or newspapers.
Today I'll start with eight to show you how the method works.
Are you ready?
They open their mouth as much as possible until it's square.
You get a mouth.
This is a person who's going to give a walk.
Person.
If the shape of fire is a person with arms on both sides, as if I was screaming frontally, "Jack, I am complaining]. This symbol is actually organic in the form of the call, but I like to believe it's the other way. The one that works.
This is a tree.
tree.
This is a mountain.
The sun.
The moon.
The symbol of the door looks like a couple of doors.
I call these eight characters.
They're building blocks so that they believe many more characters.
One person.
If somebody walks back, that's going to follow.
As the old saying, two are company, three are multinational.
If one person would be your arms, this person is saying, "It was that big.
The person inside the mouth, the person is stuck.
It's a prisoner like Jon inside the whale.
A tree is a tree. Two trees together, we have a forest.
Three trees together, we also have the forest.
Put a table under the tree, you have the concerts.
Put a mouth on the tree, that's an idiotypes."  Easy to remember, because a parallel tree is quite idiot.
Remember fire?
Two fire together, it's really hot.
Three fire together, that's a lot of flames.
Put the fire under the two trees, that is pulled.
For us, the sun is the source of prosperity.
Two suns together, pretend.
Three together, those are sorts.
Put the sun and the moon shining together, that's the bright.
It also means tomorrow, after one day and one night.
The sun comes out on the horizon. The sun comes out.
A door. Put a table inside the door, is the door of the door.
Put a mouth inside the door, ask questions.
Did I touch someone at home?
This person is coming out of a door, expanding, evaporating.
On the left, we have a woman.
Two women together, they're discussing them.
Three women together, they have care is adults.
So we've already gone through 30 characters.
By using this method -- the first eight radical reductions will allow them to build 32.
The next group of eight characters will build another 32.
So with every little effort, they will be able to learn a couple hundred characters, which is the same thing as an eight-year-old Chinese.
So after knowing the characters, we started to create sentences.
For example, the mountain and the fire together, we have a mountain mountain.
We know that Japan is the land of the born.
This is a sun placed with the origin because Japan is east of China.
So one sun next to the origin we created Japan.
One person behind Japan, what do we have?
A Japanese person.
The character on the left are two mountains stacked one over the other.
In the ancient China, that meant in exile, because Chinese entrepreneurs would destroy their political enemies beyond the mountains.
Today, the exile.
A mouth that tells you to come out is a salt.
This is a slide to remind me that I should stop talking and pull out of the stage. Thank you.
What I prefer to be a dad is the movies I come to see.
I love to share my favorite films with my kids, when my daughter was four years old, we saw the October of Oz together.
The movie dominated its imagination for months.
His favorite character was Glenge, of course.
He gave him a good excuse to use a brilliant dress and take a magic variable.
But when you look at that film so many times, you get to understand that it's extraordinary.
Now we live and we create our children in a kind of industrial fantasy of childhood fantasy.
However, the October of Oz was an event in itself.
It didn't start that trend.
The trend really took a couple of years later with that, interestingly, another film whose prototypes, a metal boy and a small boy rescued a young girl as a guard of the enemy.
Do you know what I'm talking about?  Yeah.
There's a big difference between these two films, there are a couple of big differences between the Oliver magician and all the movies that we see today.
One is that there's very little violence in the October of October.
The monkeys are quite aggressive, like the apples.
But I think if the Olive magician was done today, the magician would say, Douglas, you are the salvation of Oz as the project predicts it.
You use magical shoes to defeat the army generated by computer board.
But that's not what happens.
Another unique thing in the Olympia is that the most heroic characters -- wise and even lines are women.
I started to notice this when I made Star Wars to my daughter, a few years later, and the situation was different.
At that time, I also had a son.
Three years old.
It wasn't invited to the projection because it was still very small for that.
But it was the second son, and the survival level had come down.  So it was delicate in the room and I was impressed as a mother legs with his patterns behind it, and I don't think he understood what was happening, but it was indeed absorbed everything.
I wonder what it is.
Would you be issues of value, perception and legal?
Would the feeling that Luke is one army to defeat the government?
We compare this to the Organ of One of 1939.
How do I win your movie her?
By making good regions with everyone and being a leadership.
It's the kind of world that I want my children to grow Olive, OK? And not a world of men who fight, which is where we are.
Why is there so much capital force, force in movies for our children, and so little about the yellow scandalosherth?
There's a lot of literature about the impact of male violence movies, and you should read it. It's very good.
I haven't read so much about how kids react to this star.
I know for experience that the Las princess didn't provide the right framework that would have served me to navigate the world of adults that are microscope.  I think at the moment of the first kiss. I really expected the credit to start to start appearing because it's the end of the movie, right?
My search has ended. I have a boyfriend.
Why are they standing there?
I don't know what I should do.
The films are focused on defeat the valley and getting their reward, and they don't leave time for other relationships or other adventures.
It's almost like a child, you have to be a silly animal, and if you're a girl, you have to use a war suit.
There are a lot of exceptions, and it will defend the principles of Disney to any of you.
But they send a message to children, although they, the boys, are not really their target audience.
They do a phenomenal work by teaching girls how to defend the pattern, but they don't necessarily show kids how to defend the pattern.
There's no model for them.
We also have some great women who write new stories for our kids, as real and lovely like Heroish and Katrina, but they don't stop being movies of war.
Of course, the most successful issue of all time continues to appear in classic after classical after classical -- each of them about the adventure of a child or a man, or two men who are friends, or a man and his son, or two men who come up with a child.
Until many of you are thinking, this year, finally came out of Valley.
I recommend all of you. It's available in stores.
Do you remember what the critic said when you came out Valentic?
I can't believe that Pixar has made a movie of a principle.
It's very good. Don't let it stop them.
Well, almost none of these films happens the Beijing test.
I don't know if you've heard about this.
He's still not running roots and already proposed, but maybe we will start a movement.
Alan Beck is a comic dictator, and in the middle '80s, I recorded a conversation that had had a friend about the assessment of the movies that they saw.
And it's very simple. There are only three questions that have to do -- in the movie, there is more than a female character that has lines?
So you have to fulfill the requirement.
These women talk to each other at some point in the movie.
Their conversations are about something else about the kid that you like it?  Okay? Thank you.  Thank you very much.
Two women who exist and talk about things each other.
I have happened. I've seen it, and yet very rarely I see it in the movie that we know and love.
In fact, this week I went to see a very good movie, Angele.
Right? Russian summers, chicken success, a consensus idea of what's a Hollywood movie movie.
Practically, it doesn't happen the proof of Beck.
And I don't think it should, because a lot of the film, I don't know if you've seen it, a lot of the movie happens in a embassy where men and women are hiding during the crisis of the neighbors.
We have many scenes of men who have deep conversations and painful conversations in this cliff, and it's the big moment for one of the actors to take a look at the door and say, "Come to bed, close?
This is Hollywood.
So let's look at the numbers.
In 2011, from the 100 more popular films, how many of them think they have female proteins?
One. It's not bad.
It's not the same percentage that the number of women we've chosen recently for Congress, then it's fine.
But there's a greater number than this one is going to tell you this room.
Last year, The New York Times published a study that the government had done.
This is what he said.
In the United States, one in five women says it's been sexually assaulted once in their life.
I don't think it's the fault of mass entertainment.
I don't think movies for children have something to do with that.
I don't think that music or pornography videos are closely linked but something wrong, and when I hear that statistics, one of the things that I think is there is a huge amount of sex agricultural agencies.
Who are those guys? What are you learning for?
What do you not do?
Are you looking at the story that says that the role of a male hero is to defeat the valley with violence, and then cover the reward, which is a woman who doesn't have friends and don't talk?
Are we taking that story?
You know, as a father with the privilege of raising a daughter like those of you who are doing the same thing, we find this world and this very alarming statistics and we want to prepare them.
We have tools to our willingness as a poet to a power, and we expect that to help, but I have to ask, the power is going to protect them if, at the same time, active or passively -- we're educating our children to keep their own male power.
I mean, I think the list of Netflix is a way to do something really important, and here I really mean the parents.
I think we have to show our children a new definition of shoulder.
The definition of malaria is radically changing.
You'll have read about how the new economy is changing the role of the home and the assignment.
Everything is changing.
When I asked my daughter what was his favorite character of "Star Wars -- you know what he said?
Obama.
Obama and Glenn.
What do these two?
Maybe it's not just the bright dress of it.
I think they're experts.
I think these are the two people in those movies that you know more than anybody, and they love sharing their knowledge with other people to help them achieve their potential.
They're leaders.
I like those kinds of stories for my daughter, and I like those kinds of stories for my son.
I want more stories like that.
I want less stories in which my son is telling me, "Go and fight only and more stories where you see that his work is to join a team, maybe a team led by women, to help other people improve and be better people, like the magician of Octo.
Thank you.
As a child, I lived in Maine, and one of the things that I most liked was looking for sea cookies on the shores of Maine because my parents told me that that would give me luck.
But you know, it's hard to find these contacts.
They're covered of sand, and it's hard to see them.
However, over time, I was used to look for them.
I started to see shapes and patterns that helped me to collect them.
This became a passion for finding things, in a love of the past and the architecture.
And finally when I started studying Egypt, I realized to do with my own eyes not enough.
Because suddenly, in Egypt, my little beach in Maine had grown up to one of 3,000 miles of length.
And my sea cookies had grown up to the size of cities.
This is really what led me to use satellite images.
To try to make a map of the past, I knew I had to look in another way.
I want to show you an example of how different we see using infrared use.
This is a place located in the eastern front of Egypt called Believer.
And the place, in simple view, seems to be brown up, but when we use the infrared and we process it using fake color, suddenly the place looks like a bright pink box.
What you're seeing are the real chemical changes of the landscape caused by building materials and the activities of the ancient Egyptians and the activities.
I want to share with you how we've used satellite data to find an ancient Egyptian city, called Tair, lost for thousands of years.
Tapid was the capital of the ancient Egypt for over 400 years in a period of time called the Middle Empire about 4,000 years ago.
The place is located in the Father, Egypt, and it's really important because in the Middle Empire, there was this great renaissance of ancient Egyptian art, architecture and religion.
The Egyptians have always known that Tapid was located somewhere near the pyramids of the two kings that built them in, pointed into the red circles here, but somewhere within this huge wave plan.
This area is enormous, it measures about six miles per hour.
Before, the Sun flows right next to the Tapiro and as it changed over time, he moved to this and covered the entire city.
So how do you find a self-confident city in an extensive landscape?
To try to find it the random would be the equivalent of a needle in a pain, with the eyes sold and using baseball gloves using it.
So we use NASA topographic data to make a map of the place, with very subtle changes.
And we were able to see where the Nile flows out.
But you can see more definitely, and it's even more interesting, this slightly elevated area that you see inside the circle here, we think it could be the location of Tapir.
So we collaborated with the Egyptian scientists doing show jobs, you can see it here.
When I say show, it's like the shots of shows in ice, but instead of climate change, we look for layers of human occupation care.
Five meters down, underneath a thick layer of light, we found a dense layer of ceramics.
This means that in this possible location of Tapir, five meters down, we have a layer of occupation from several hundred years that date from the Middle Empire, exactly the same period that we think is Tapiro.
We also found workers of programmer, coral, quartz and cat -- what shows that there was a jewelry workshop.
This might seem like it's not much, but when we think about the most common stones used in the Middle Empire Jovernim, these are the stones that were used.
So we have a dense layer of occupation that data from the Middle Empire in this place.
We also have evidence from a elite jewelry workshop that shows that what has been there, was a very important city.
We still didn't find Tapiro here, but let's go back to the place in a near future to locate it.
And even more importantly, we have the resources to train young Egyptians in the use of satellite technology so they can also make big discoveries.
I want to end with my favorite quote from the Middle Empire, probably written in Tapir about 4,000 years ago.
To share knowledge is the biggest of all vacation.
There's nothing like that on the ground.
So you know, TED wasn't founded in 1984 -- C.
He made the ideas actually happen in 1984 to C in a lost city not for a long time and found from the high.
It certainly puts the pursuit of marine contacts in perspective.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
I want to invite you to close your eyes.
Imagine standing outside the door of the house.
I want you to pay attention to the color of the door, to the material that it's done.
Now they visualize a group of obvious obese objects.
They're competing in a non-computer career and they go in direction to its entry door.
I need you to see this.
They're getting strong, they're suggesting, they're going out a lot.
And they collide against the door of his house.
There are bicycles flying all over the place, wheels that go on to its side, ray from the wheels that end up in absurd places. They pass the door threshold.
On the lobby, the radio, or whatever there is on the other side of the door, and look at the quality of light, the light is shining on the Malasauttalise Monterey.
She's holding them with your hand.
From his chair, on a brown horse.
It's a horse that talks about.
They can feel their blue skin making them scared in the nose.
You can smell the window cookie and you can see that it's about to get in the mouth.
They happen on the side and they enter their living room.
Now in the room, and doing maximum use of his imagination, imagine Britney Spanish.
He's with a little clothes, dancing on his center of center singing "Hit On Mind One More Time.
Now give me the kitchen.
The ground has been coated with a path of yellow brick and from the oven, they come to you, Dorway, the Man of Mountain, the Sander and the Lenge of October of October, saving to you.
Okay. Open your eyes.
I want to tell you about a peculiar contest that takes every spring in New York.
It's called the United States Campaign.
I went to cover this event a few years ago as a scientific journalist, waiting for, I suppose, that this was like the end of a wise superconductor.
There were several men and a few different ages of different ages and different hygiene.
They were memorize hundreds of random numbers, looking at them just once.
You memorized the names of dozens and dozens of strangers.
They memorize entire poems in just minutes.
They compete to see who I could memorize with greater faster the order of a native barrier.
And I thought, "This is incredible."
These people have to be phenomena of nature.
And I started talking to some of the competitors.
This is a man named Ed Copaka who had come from England and has one of the best trained memory.
I asked him, "Yes, when did you realize you were a sandwich?"
Ed said, "I am not a sale.
I actually have an average memory.
All of those who participate from this competition say they have normal memory.
We have trained to make these miraculous acts of memory using some ancient techniques, invented 2,500 years ago in Greece, the same techniques that Civil used City to memorize their speeches and medieval academics used to memorize entire books.
And my reaction was, "Go." How did I have no heard of this before?
We were standing outside of the competition room, and Ed who is a wonderful and brilliant English -- although a little bit excuse me, he said, "John, you're an American journalist.
You know Britney Spanish?"
And I said, "What? No, why?
Because I would like to teach Britney Spanish how to memorize order in a living boat in a living board, in national television.
That would prove the world that anybody can do it."
And I said, "Well, I'm not British Spanish, but maybe you can teach me.
So you have to start by something not?"
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey for me.
I ended up spending most of the year next year not just training my memory, but also researching my memory, trying to understand how it works, why sometimes it doesn't work and what your potential can be.
I met a lot of really interesting people.
This is a man called E.
He's an animal, very likely with the worst memory in the world.
His memory was so bad that he didn't even remember that he had a memory problem. It's awesome.
Somebody incredibly tragic -- but it was a window that allows us to see how much our memory makes us who we are.
At the other end of the spectrum, I met this man.
This is Kim Percife. He was based on the paper of Duty Homoseen in the movie "Random Man."
We took one afternoon together in the public library of Salt Lake City, memorize phone guides -- was centuries.
And by coming back, I read a number of treaty about the written memory about 2,000 years ago in Latin, in the Athenism, and then in the Middle Ages.
And I learned a lot of really interesting things.
One of the most interesting things that I learned is that there was a time in which this idea of having trained memory, disciplined and culture wasn't such a rare thing as it can seem like today.
A long time ago, people invest in their memory, to provide literally their minds.
These techniques have made possible our modern world, but they've also changed us.
They have changed us culturally and I would say that they've changed us as well.
As we almost have no need to remember, sometimes it seems to have forgotten how to do it.
One of the latest places on our planet where you are still passionate about this idea of a trained memory, disciplined and culture is this very unique memory of memory.
It's actually not so simple. There are competition like this all over the world.
I was fascinated. I wanted to know how these people do.
A few years ago, a group of researchers at London College invited a group of memory champions to the lab.
They wanted to know: Is it going to be the brain in some way, structure or animated animal from the rest of us?
The answer was, no.
Are they more intelligent than the rest of it?
They gave them a cognitive test battery, and the answer was actually not.
There was yet a really interesting and significant difference between the brains of memory champions and the control subjects that they compare them.
When they put them in a magnetic resonance machine, they scan their brains while they memorize numbers, faces and forms of cold copies. They found that in the memory camps were lit up parts of the brain, different to others.
They actually used them, or they seemed to use, a part of the brain that involves space memory and navigation.
Why? Is there something that we can learn from this?
The tournament of competitive memory is driven as an armed career where every year appears with a new way to remember more things, more quickly, and then the rest of the competitors should be put a day.
This is my friend Ben Prize, three times a memory champion.
In his desk, in front of him, there are 36 boats of passenger nanoscales that he is about to try to memorize in an hour, using a technique that he invented and just he dominated.
He used a similar technique to memorize the precise order of 4,500 random binary digits.
Yes.
And while there are a lot of ways to remember things in these competition, absolutely all the techniques used at the end of the end to just reduce a single concept that psychologists call the energy "documentation."
It illustrates with a paralyzed paradox known as the Barbin Park, "For the National Days."  I tell two people who remember the same word. I tell you. You remember there's a man called Babylon.
That's his low.
And then I ask you, "You remember there's a bathroom that's a "basic bathroom."
And when I go back later, and I ask them to remember that word I told you a little bit of a real?"
Remember what was it?"
The person who was told that his name is Babbage is unlikely to remember the same word as the person who was told that their work is bathroom."
Same word, different memory ability, that's weird.
What happens here?
Well, the name Baker, it doesn't really mean anything for you. It doesn't have any relationship for you.
With all the other memories that dance for their head.
But the word "baby," bathroom." We know wins.
They use white hat.
They have flour in hands.
They smell well when they go home to work.
We probably know some window.
And when we first heard that word for the first time, we began to put adaptation bands to get them easily at some point.
One of the most elaborate techniques to do this data is about 2,500 years ago in the ancient Greece.
It's known as the memory of memory."
The story says, there was a poet called Singapore that attended a banker.
They had hired it as entertainment, because before, if you wanted to give a very good party, it didn't take a DJ: you hired a poet.
He stood up on his feet, he received his memory poem, and he turned out, and so soon it was the room of the Nanopatch collapsed.
killing everyone.
But not only killed everybody, but it destroyed the bodies by leaving them religious.
No one could say who was there, nobody could remember where they were sitting there.
So they couldn't bury the bodies.
A tragedy behind the other.
Simple, standing outside, only survivor, in the middle of the rubble, closed the eyes and realized that with the eyes of their mind, I could see where I had been sitting in every invented.
He took the family families taking them out where their loved ones between the rubble.
What Simon invested at that moment is something that we all know about more or less intuitively, and it is that no matter if we're not good to remember names or phone numbers or instructions of our colleagues, we have visual visual and spatial memory.
If I asked you to get the first 10 words of the story that I just told you about Simonia, it's very likely that they are very difficult to do it.
But I would bet that if I ask you to tell you who was sitting on the brown stem horse in their lobby, they would be able to look at it.
The idea of memory palm is to create this building with the eyes of their mind and put it out of images with the things that you want to remember -- the more crazy, the more crazy, farmer, spines and speech is the image, more likely to be.
This is a advice that comes from over 2,000 years ago, to the first memory treaties in Latin.
And how does it work?
Let's say you've been invited to the TED stage to give a talk and you want to do it of memory, the same way you would have done civics if you had invited the TEDWomen 2,000 years ago.
What you could do is imagine you're at the door of your house.
And to imagine some kind of absolutely ridiculous, crazy and affordable image to help you remember that the first thing they want to mention is that completely intelligent competition.
And then you can imagine coming up to your house, and you can see the Manshigher of the Gates Mount on Michael Ed.
And that would remind you that you want to introduce your friend Ed Copenhagen.
And then you'll see Britney Spanish to remind you that funny anecdote that you want to tell.
And then they entered the kitchen, and the fourth question that they talked about would be that strange journey that they did for an entire year, and they have some friends to help them remember it.
This is how the Roman speakers memorize their speeches -- not a word for word, which is going to confuse them, but typical by typical.
In fact, the term the term is coming from the Greek Titanium, which means "place."
It's a dress of when people thought about the orbit and the rhetoric with this species of space terms.
The phrase "Finance First of all, it would be like the first place in its memory.
I saw that this was just fascinating, and I got from full of it.
I went to some of these memory competition, and I had the idea of writing something extensive about this accumulation of competitive memory.
But there was a problem.
The problem was that a memory competition is a pathogenic event.
Seriously, it's like looking at a lot of people sitting there taking exams. I mean, the most exciting thing that happens is when someone is massively massively married.
I'm a journalist, and I need to be able to write about something.
I know there are amazing things happening in the minds of these people, but I have no access.
I realized that if I was going to tell this story, I needed to try to put it in his place.
So I started spending 15 or 20 minutes every morning, before I sat to see the New York Times -- just trying to remember something.
Maybe a poem, or the names of an old school audience bought in a pull market.
And I discovered that this was amazingly entertaining.
I would never have expected it to be.
It was trained, because it wasn't just about training memory.
What is actually trying to do is to improve more and more of the ability to create and imagine these ridiculous images, comics, products, insects, absorbents and obvious observer, in the eye of the mind.
I got a lot of it.
This is me, using my training equipment for memory competition.
It's a pair of ears and some of the security glasses covered with tape leaving only two holes, because distribution is the worst enemy of a memory competition.
I ended up coming back to the same contest that I had covered a year earlier -- I had the idea that I could go in, in a kind of participatory experiment experiment.
I thought this could be very good for all my research.
The problem was that the experiment came out of control.
And I won the contact, something that didn't have to happen.
Of course it's nice to be able to memorize speech, and phone numbers, and shopping lists, but actually this is not the point.
These are just tricks.
Because they're based on pretty basic principles about how the brain works.
And you don't need to be able to build paradise sticks or memorize barriers of nanotechnology -- to benefit with a little bit of perspective about how your mind works.
We often talk about people with a great memory as if it would be an innate dance, but it's not the case.
Big memories are educated.
At the most basic level, we remember when we pay attention.
We remember when we get deep in.
The permission of memory. These memory techniques, are just shortcuts.
In fact, they're not even attackers.
They work because they make us work.
They force a kind of deep processing process, a whole kind of whole attention that most of you will not run around there.
But the reality is that there are no shortcuts.
That's how things are made memory.
And if there is something I want to leave you today, it's what E, the animal I couldn't even remember that I had a memory problem, I left to me, which is the notion that life is the sum of our memories.
How much are we willing to lose from what is already our short existence learning in the Blackberrs or iPhone, not paying attention to being human in front of us, who walk on our side. Are we going to be so blood that we don't even bother to process in deep?
And I learned from the first hand that there are incredible memory capacity in all of us.
But if you want to live a memorable life, you have to be the kind of person that remember remembering remember.
Thank you.
Today I'm going to talk about the last 30 years of the history of architecture.
It's a lot to cover in 18 minutes.
It's a complex topic, so we're going to address only a complex place. New Jersey.
Because 30 years ago, I'm from No, Jerry, I was six years old, and I lived there at my parents' home in a village called Lindaks, and this was my child's bedroom.
In the corner, from my bedroom, I was the bathroom I shared with my sister.
And between my bedroom and the bathroom, there was a balcony that was giving the living room.
And there they all spent the face looking at the telly -- so every time I was going from my room to the bathroom, everybody would look at me, and every time I stood down, and I wrapped it back into a towel.
And I was like this.
He was the terrible, insecure and hated it.
He hated that record, hated that ball, hated that room and that house.
That's the architecture.
Listen.
Those feelings that I felt, that's the power of architecture, because architecture is not about mathematics, no matter of areas, but of those visceral connections, emotional connections, that we feel in the places we occupy in the places.
And it's not surprising that we feel that way, because according to the Environmental Protection Agency  Americans spend 90 percent of their time under roof.
I mean, 90 percent of the time we're surrounded by architecture.
That's a lot.
Architecture determines us in ways that we don't even realize it.
That makes us a little bit naive and very, very predictable.
This means that when I show you a building like this, I know what you do -- you think about power, stability and democracy.
And I know that they think about it for based on a building about 2,500 years ago by the Greeks.
This is a trick.
It's a desperation that architects use to create an emotional connection with the ways we build our buildings.
It's an predictable emotional connection, we've used this trick for a long, long time.
We use it 200 years ago to build banks.
We use it in the 19th century to build art museums.
And in the 20th century, we use it to build homes.
Look, these stable soldiers, solid soldiers in front of the elements.
This is very, very useful, because building things is frightening.
It's expensive, it takes a long time and it's very complicated.
The people who build the undergraduates, and the governments and the governments are always afraid to innovation, and they prefer to use ways that they know going to work.
So we found buildings like this.
It's a nice building.
It's the Public Library of Lindaks that ended up in 2004, in my hometown, and, you know, it has a dome -- it has this reduction thing, columns -- color, red scale, that let me get what Linux tries to communicate with this building, the kids, the property values -- history.
But it doesn't have a lot to do with a library today.
That same year, in 2004, on the other side of the country, was finished another library that looks like this.
It's in Seattle.
This library shows how we use media in the digital era.
It's a new kind of public equipment for the city, a place to meet and read and share.
So how is it possible that in the same year, in the same country, two buildings, both called libraries are so completely different?
And the answer is that architecture works in the beginning of the planet.
On one side of the innovation, the architects that constantly drive new technologies, new technologies, new solutions for current life forms.
We drive, we drive and we push so much, that we completely moved out of people.
And all of black, this makes us depressed, you think we feel very good, but we're dead inside because we don't have another choice.
We need to go on the other side and come back to connect with those seeds appreciated with those symbols.
So we do it, and we're all happy, but we are all happy, but we feel like trades, so we start experimenting again, we do the scale of the back to the back, over and over again. So we've done it in the last 300 years, and of course, over the last 30 years.
Well, 30 years ago, we went out of the 1970s.
The architects were busy experimenting with the basic British."
It has to do with concrete.
That can be guess.
Small windows on a small scale.
Something really hard.
So we got closer to the '80s, and we started to incorporate those symbols.
We push the world back into the other direction.
We take those ways that we know they like and we update them.
We add together and add cake and use new materials.
They love it.
We don't give up.
We took Charlie arms and we turn them into skyscrapers that can be measured media fashions.
The shapes were sweeping, they won in audacity and color.
The Chinese became columns.
The signals grew up to the size of buildings.
A madness.
But it was the 1980s, that was great.
We all spend the face in commercial centers, we moved to the neighborhoods, and there, in the suburbs, we could create our own architectural fantasies themselves.
Those ghost could be to the Mediterranean, to the French or the Italian.
Maybe with a sign of bread sticks.
This is what happens with prosperity.
This is what happens with symbols.
They're easy, they're cheap, because instead of creating new spaces, we collect memories from other places.
I know very well, and you all know, this is not the Tomorrow.
This is Ohio.
The architects feel frustrated and we start making the power scared in the other direction.
In the '80s, and in the early '90s, we started experimenting with so-called decompiculties.
We download the historical symbols. We now count with new design techniques available by computer, and we find new composition, some forms that stars against other forms.
This is academic and embryonic, and it's super professional, you have totally excluded.
Normally, the planet scanned again in opposite direction.
But then something amazing happened.
In 1997, this building.
It's the Gulf of Bilbao from Frank Gehry.
This building changed fundamentally the relationship of the world with architecture.
Paul Gold said that Bilbao was one of those rare moments when critical and academic and public and public and public and public in general, were completely aware of a building.
The New York Times took this miracle of miracles.
The tourism in Bilbao increased in 250 percent when the building.
So all of a sudden, everybody wanted one of those buildings, Los Angeles, Seattle, Chicago, New York, Clinicious, Spanish.
Everybody wanted one, and George was everywhere.
He was our first star architect.
But how is it possible that these shapes and wild and radical ways, how are you possible to become ubiquitous around the world?
And it happened, because the media were gathered around them, and quickly we learned that those forms mean culture and tourism.
We've created an emotional reaction with these forms.
The same thing did the main mayor of the world.
So everybody believed that if they had these forms, they had culture and turbines.
This phenomenon of beginning in the new million country with other star architects.
I went to Zahamai and Liberia, and what happened with these few elite architects in the threshold of the new millennium, actually started going through all the architecture, digital media began to increase the speed of information consumption.
Think about how you use architecture.
A thousand years ago, they would have gone to the next village to see a building.
The transportation is accelerated, you can take a ship, an airplane, you can be tourists.
The technology accelerates -- you can see in the newspapers, on the TV, and at the end of the end, we're all photographers of architecture, and the building is transported beyond its physical location.
Architecture is everywhere now, that means that the speed of communications has finally reached the speed of architecture.
Because architecture moves so fast.
It's not a long time to think about a building.
You need a lot of time to build a building, three or four years, and at that time, an architect can design two, eight, or 100 more buildings before you know if the one that designed four years ago was a success or not.
Because there has never been good feedback in architecture.
That's how we find buildings like this.
The broken wasn't a two-year-old movement.
For 20 years, we were building buildings like this because we had no idea how much they were told.
That's never going to happen. I think, because we're in the threshold of the greatest revolution in architecture from the invention of the ant, the steel or the accelerator, and it's the media revolution.
My theory is that when it applies to the media, the media, it starts to get faster and faster, until it will be in both extremes almost in simulation, and it's effectively destroyed the difference between innovation and symbol, between us, architects and you, the public.
Now we can do almost instantant symbols with emotional charge of something completely new.
Let me show you how the system works in a project that my company ended up recently.
We were hired to replace this building that was included.
This is the center of a village called Pinka in First Island, in the state of New York.
It's a community of vacation.
But that meant that two years before the building, it was already part of the community, and as the drawings looked exactly the end product, there was no surprise.
The building came to be part of the community. That first summer, when people started coming and shared in social media, the building stopped being a building, it became a media, because these are not just images of a building, it's the images that you made from the building.
And as you use them to tell your story, they become part of the personal narrative, and that makes you circuitry with the collective memory, and when you charge these symbols we learn.
I mean, we don't need the Greeks to tell us how to think about architecture.
We can tell us what we think about architecture, because digital media has not only changed the relationship between us, but they've changed the relationship between us and the buildings.
Think for a second in those Lindas in Linda.
If that building was built today, first we would go to the Internet in search of new libraries."
We would be bombarded with examples of experiment, of innovation, about what a library can be.
That's motivations.
Monitors that can lead to the mayor of Lindic, to the people in leadership, and tell them that there is no unique answer to what a library is today.
Let's be part of this.
This abundance of solutions gives the freedom to experiment.
It's all different now.
Architects are no longer those mysterious creatures that use great words and complicated drawings, and one is no longer a dedicated public that doesn't accept something that hasn't seen before.
architects can listen, and you don't let you integrate through architecture.
That means that the missile plant of one style to another, from one movement to another, is irrelevant.
In fact, we can go ahead and find right solutions to the problems facing society.
This is the end of the history of architecture, and it means that the buildings of the morning will be very different from buildings today.
This means that a public space in the ancient city of Venezuela can be unique and adapted to the measure of a modern city.
That means that a stadium in Brooklyn can be that, a stadium in Brooklyn, and not a bad historical imitation of red brick based on ideas of what a stadium must be.
This means that a few robots will be able to build our buildings, because we will finally be ready for the ways they are going to produce.
That means that buildings are tied to the whims of nature and not the opposite.
This means that a parking garage in Miami Beach, Florida, can also serve to make sports or for yoga or even one can marry there at night.
That means that three architects can dream with nation at the East River in New York in New York in New York, and to raise half a million dollars from the community together around that cause, it's no longer a client alone.
It means that no building is too small for innovation, like this little pavilion of resources, as muscle and fiber as the animals that are going to look at.
Because no longer matters if it's a cow or a robot who builds our buildings.
It doesn't matter how we build, what matters is what we build.
Architects already know how to make more ecological buildings, smarter and more shifted.
We've been waiting for all of you to want them.
Finally, we're not on opposite side.
They find an architect, to tell them and work together to make better buildings, better cities, for a better world, because there's a lot of play.
Buildings not only reflect our society, but they shape it to the smallest spaces, the local libraries -- the homes where we form our children, and the step of the barrier to the bathroom.
Thank you very much.
This is my niece, Step.
I just turned a year and she started walking.
And it does it in that cool way, typical of the kids in a year, taking up, as if your body was moving too fast for your legs.
It's totally beautiful.
And one of the things that likes to do for the moment is to look at the mirror.
She really loves his reflection here.
He's laughing and shine, and it gives himself those big, big kisses themselves.
It's beautiful.
Apparently, all of their friends do this, and my mom tells me that I used to do it. And he made me think, "When do you stop doing this?
How is it that suddenly we're not on the taste of our appearance.
Because apparently, we don't like it.
Every month, 10,000 people look at Google, "Am I faith?"
This is Facebook, he's 13 years old, and he lives in Dennet.
And as any teenager just wants to be loved and fit in.
It's Sunday at night.
It's preparing for next week in school.
It has a bit of fear, it's a little bit confused because, even though his mom tells him the whole thing that is beautiful, every day in school, somebody tells him it's ugly.
Between what his mom tells him and what his friends or school colleagues say, don't know who to believe.
So it makes a video of it, I put it on YouTube, and he asked others to please leave a comment -- "Am I nice or a faith?"
Well, so far, Fake has received more than 13,000 comments.
Some of these are so disappearing, it doesn't even deserve the penis to think about them.
We talk about a healthy and normal and current teenager, which gets these answers in one of the stages of their most vulnerable life emotionally.
Thousands of people are publishing videos like this, mostly teenage girls trying to communicate this way.
But what is it going to do this?
Well, the teenagers of today almost never are alone.
They're under pressure to be online and available all the time, talking, changing, giving me "I like "I like "I like "I like "I like "I like "I like "I like I like, sharing, pulling around, and this never ends.
Never before we have been so connected in a continuous way, so young.
As a mother told me, "It's like a party in its bedroom every night.
There's simply no privacy.
And the social pressures that go from hand with that are included.
This environment, from being always connected, is advertising our kids to cross on the number of "I like them to have and the kinds of comments they get.
There's no division between a life on line and real life.
It's really hard to know the differences between what it's real or what it is.
And also, it's very difficult to know the difference between what's authentic and what is digitally manipulated with.
What is the most deprived in someone's life in front of what is normal in a daily context?
And where are they looking for inspiration?
Well, you can see the kind of images that are taken from the news of the girls now.
The zero street models continue to dominate our categories.
The terrific technique is now a routine routine.
And trends like, tradition, Haiti, booking and property.
For those of you who define it, it means prototype.
These trends are associated with women in popular culture today.
It's not hard to see what young people are.
But kids are not immune to this.
Like the superheroes of the sports sports and the pink singers of the sports department.
But what is the problem with all this?
Well, we certainly want our kids to grow healthy individuals and be a good individual.
But in a culture obsessed by the image, we're teaching our kids to spend more time and mental effort to their appearance, to the price of every other aspects of their identity.
Things like their relationships, the development of their physical capacity, their studies and other aspects start to suffer.
Six of every 10 girls prefer not to do something because they think they don't look good enough.
These are not trivial activities.
They are fundamental activities for growth as human beings and as contracts to society and the field of the labor development.
31 percent, almost one in three teenagers are not interested in the classroom, they avoid to participate in classrooms because they don't want to call the attention for their physical thing.
One in five are not going to class at all during the days when they don't feel comfortable about it.
And in the temperature season, if you don't think you see enough good enough, specifically if you don't think you're thin enough, you will get a lower note to the average of your peers, who don't worry about that of the appearance.
And this phenomenon has been generalized in Finland, United States and China.
And it becomes regardless of what these young people actually weigh for.
So to make it very clear, we are talking about how you see you, not how you're really, really.
The low self-esteem about your body is delivering academic performance.
And it's also drawing health.
The adolescents with little self-esteem make less physical activity, they eat less fruit and vegetables, they participate in more non-zero-sum diet.
They have low self-esteem.
They're more easily influenced by the people who surround them and are in greater risk of depression.
And we think that's why they make more risky decisions, like alcohol consumption and drugs, dramatic surgery, aesthetic surgery, sexual relationships to early ages and without protection and self-discipline.
The pursuit of the perfect body is pushing the health system, and our government costs billions of dollars every year.
And we're not controlling it.
Women who believe that they have overweight again, regardless of whether or not they have higher addition rates.
17 percent of women don't present to a job interview in one day where they don't feel safe with the way they look like.
Think for a moment in what this is doing to our economy.
If we could overcome this, what would that happen?
And releasing this potential is interest for each of us.
But how do we do that?
Well, talking about itself, it doesn't take you very far.
Not enough.
If you really want to change things, you have to do something.
And we've learned that there are three key shapes, the first is that we have to instill trust in their own body.
We need to help our teenagers develop strategies to overcome the pressure of perfect images and build their self-esteem.
The good news is that there are many programs available to do it.
The bad news is that most of these don't work.
I was very surprised when I learned that a lot of well-intentioned programs, without realizing the situation.
So we need to make sure that the program that our children follow not only have a positive impact but also a lasting impact.
And research studies show that the best programs are focused on six key areas. The first is the influence of the family, friends and relationships.
These six aspects are completely crucial points for anyone willing to provide an education in body self-esteem that works.
An education is fundamental -- but facing this problem requires each of us that we will take the reserves in the matter and be a better model to follow women and girls in our own lives.
challenging the current status of how women are seen and mentioned in our circles.
It's not good to count with the approach of our politicians in hair cuts or the size of their chest, or to encourage that the determination or success of an Olympic athlete depends on the fact that it's not a big beauty.
We need to start judging people for what they are, not because of what you see.
All of us can start doing it by doing the responsibility for the kind of images and comments that we published in our social networks.
We can praise people based on their effort and their actions and not in their appearance.
And let me ask you, "When was the last time that a mirror was lost?
In short, we have to work together as communities, as governments and as companies, to truly change our culture, so that our children grow to value all of their people, valuing individuals, diversity, inclusion influence.
We have to put people who are actually making a difference in a pathogen.
To make a difference in the real world, let's make them the ones that come out on the big screen because we just create a different world.
A world where our children are free to become the best version of themselves, where the way they think they are never being able to be who they are, or to achieve what they want in their lives.
Think about what this can mean for someone in their lives.
Who do you have in mind?
Is his wife.
Is it your sister.
Is his daughter here?
Did he save his slide?
It could just be the woman who is two seats away. What would it mean for her if he was released from that autonomous voice in his interior, that he acted him for not having long legs, mushrooms more delivered, a most flat, smaller feet?
What would it mean for her if we were supposed to overcome this and we would say, serious to their potential in that way?
Right now, the obsession of our culture with images is giving us all.
But let's teach our kids the truth.
Let's teach you the way you see is just one part of your identity, and that the truth is that we love them for those who are and what they do, and as they make us feel.
We include self-esteem in our schools.
We change each of us, the way we talk about and compare to other people.
And we work together as a community, from small groups to governments, so that the little training of an age of age today, they become agents of safe change agents in their morning.
Let's do it.
On November five of 1990, a gentleman named Slaving Norman entered a hotel in Manhattan and killed the rabbi Mr. Kardinean, the leader of Defense Dubble.
And they initially declared it innocent -- but being prepared by other charges less -- in the company of others, they started planning attacks to about 12 icons in New York, including tunnels and synagogue, and the United Nations.
Luckily, those plans.
Sadly, the bomb of 1993 in the World Trade Center couldn't be avoided.
Later, Norman would be convicted by his participation in that bombing.
Elizabeth Now is my father.
I was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, in 1983, being he an Egyptian engineer, with a lovely American mother, primary school teacher teacher -- between the two made all the possible for giving me a happy childhood.
Only when I was seven years old, our family started to change.
My father taught me a form of Islam -- that very few, even most Muslims are going to meet.
For experience I saw that when people take time to interact -- it doesn't require a lot to get to wish the same things in life.
However, in every religion, in all human group, there is always a little fraction of people who are so radically clinging to their conversations that you think you have to use all the possible media for everybody to live like them.
A few months before he sat up with me and explained that in the last few weekends, he and some friends had been going to train training in Long Island, to practice.
He told me that I would go with him the next day.
We got to the Carter Polar police, which, without knowing our group, was survey by the FBI.
When I got to land, my father helped me hold the rifle. And I explained to me how to aim the target to about 30 feet.
That day, with the last bullet I shot I gave the little orange light on the goal, and for the surprise of all, especially me, the whole goal is in flames.
My uncle came back to the other and in Arabic, he said, "In Arabic.
On such dad, such child.
At all, the comment produced a lot of laughter, but just a few years later, I understood what they were so funny.
They saw in me, the same level of destruction that my father could cause.
Those people later would be convicted of putting a shipping of a shell with 700 pounds of explosives in the underground parking of the World Trade Center, causing an explosion that killed six people and took to another 1,000.
I admired those men.
He called them "Mamamety, which means you.
When I was 19, I had been moved 20 times. That instability during my childhood was not allowed to make a lot of friends.
Every time I started feeling comfortable about somebody was a time to pack and go to another city.
As I was always the new face of the class often was manipulation victims.
I was a secret for my identity to avoid being the white -- but it will be the new class of class, quiet and reproductive, was enough monolity.
So most of the time I spent at home reading books, watching TV or playing video games.
For these reasons I didn't develop social skills, to say it gently -- for growing under fantastic, I wasn't prepared for the real world.
I was educated to judge people, based on arbitrary indicators like their race or their religion.
So how could I open the eyes?
One of the first experiences that they put up to test my thinking was during the presidential elections of 2000.
In a prophety program that I participate in the National Convention, in Philadelphia.
My group focused on the subject of juvenile violence, as I had been a matrix victim almost all my life, was something I felt a lot of passion.
The members of this group came from various procedures.
One day, at the end of the convention -- I discovered that one of the kids who had made friendship, was Jewish.
I took several days to go out to light this detail and realized that there was no excitement between the two.
I had never had a Jewish friend and frankly, I felt very proud of being able to beat the barrier that all life had been made to believe it was unconscious.
Another crucial moment came when I got a summer job in Bush Garden, a amusement park.
I found people from all kinds of beliefs and cultures, that experience was fundamental in the development of my character.
All of life had taught me that homosexuality was a sin and, by extension, all the homosexual were bad influence.
I had the opportunity to work with gay actors there, in a show, and I could see that several of them were the most nice and less critical ones that I had ever seen in life.
Having been used as a child, it developed a sense of empathy to the suffering of others, but it wasn't easy for me to treat nice people, exactly the way I would have wanted to be treated.
For that feeling I could hire the stereotypes that had taught me as a child, with the experience of interaction in real life.
I don't know what that is to be humanity, but I know what is being judged by something beyond my control.
Then he came the Danish Show.
Every night, Jon Stewart made me incredibly honest about my interfaces, and he helped me see that the race of people, religion or sexual orientation, have nothing to do with character.
In many ways, he became my patent figure at a moment where I was desperately needed to need.
In occasions, inspiration can come from the unexpected -- and that a Jewish comedian would have had a better influence in my life than my own father, foreign extension, wasn't in the sand.
I had a conversation with my mother about how I was changing my thinking, and she told me something that I would consider in my heart forever, while he's alive.
She looked at me with the eyes tired of someone who has suffered enough dominance and said, "I'm tired of hate.
At that time, I realized how much negative energy you need to keep all of that hate in your inside.
My real name is not Zabby Brook.
I changed it when my family decided to break the relationship with my father and start a new life.
So why did I decide to go out and put me in a possible risk?
Well, it's simple.
I've done it because I hope someone, someday who is trying to bring to violence, can hear my story and understand that there is a better way, than even though I was conditioned to this violent and integrated ideology, I didn't get to make me fantastic.
Instead, I decided to use my experience to fight terrorism and against prejudice.
I do it for the victims of terrorism and for their loved ones, because of the terrible pain and the losses.
For the victims of terrorism to talk against those acts without sense, like rejection to my father's actions.
With this simple thing here I have a proof of proof that violence is not inherent to any religion or race, that children don't have to follow the roads of their parents.
I'm not my father.
Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you very much.
At this point, there's a film that's projected in your minds.
It's an incredible multi-to-day movie.
It's in 3D and it has a robust sound of what you hear and see right now, but that's just the beginning.
Your film has ship, flavor and texture.
You feel your body, your pain, your hunger, your pleasure.
It has emotions, anger and happiness.
It has memories, as moments of your childhood that are projected in your eyes.
And it's constantly a voice superimposed in your conscious thinking.
The heart of the movie is you who experience everything in the way.
This film is your concept of consciousness, the subject of the experience of the mind and the world.
Consciousness is one of the fundamental truths of the existence of being human.
Each of us is conscious.
We all have an internal movie for you, you, you and you.
There's nothing we know more directly.
At least, I know I have a consciousness of it.
I have no certainty that you are conscious.
Consciousness also is the reason to live.
If we weren't aware of it, nothing in our lives would make sense or value.
But at the same time it's the most mysterious phenomenon in the universe.
Why are we conscious?
Why do we have these internal films, right?
Why are we not just robots that we receive to produce results without experiencing the inner movie.
Right now, nobody knows the answers to those questions.
I suggest that to integrate consciousness to science, you need some radical ideas.
Some people say it's impossible a science of consciousness.
Science, by nature, is goal.
Consciousness, by nature, is subjective.
So there can never be a science of consciousness.
Because for almost all the 20th century, I prepared that vision.
psychology studied the behavior objectively -- neuroscience studied the brain, but never nobody mentioned consciousness.
Even 30 years ago, when TED started, there were very few scientific jobs about consciousness.
Then, 20 years ago, it all began to change.
neuroscientists like Francis Crick and physicists like Roger Penn said, "Now it's the moment for science to absorb consciousness.
And since then, there was a real explosion of the scientific work of consciousness.
And this work was fantastic. It was great.
But it also has fundamental limitations until the moment.
The center of consciousness science in the recent years was the pursuit of correlations between some areas of the brain and some states of consciousness.
We saw some of this guy in the fantastic work that Nancy Kansas presented a few minutes ago.
Now we understand much better, for example, the areas of the brain that are related to the conscious experience of seeing faces or to feel pain or to feel happy.
But this is still a science of corruptions.
It's not a science of explanation.
We know that these areas of the brain are related to certain kinds of conscious experiences, but we don't know why.
I'd like to explain to you that this kind of neuroscience work responds to some questions that we want to explain consciousness. The questions about what certain areas of the brain do and what they correlate with.
But in a sense, those are the easy problems.
No offense to the neuroscience.
There are actually no easy problems with consciousness.
Because I didn't deal with the real central mystery of this matter, why all physical processes in the brain has to be accompanied by consciousness.
Why is there a subjective movie film?
Right now, we can't understand it.
And you can say, let's take a few years to neuroscience.
It's going to become another emerging phenomenon like the beings, like horizons, like life, and we're going to find explanation.
The typical substitutes are all cases of emerging behaviors, how they operate the conversations, how the hurricane works, how they reproduce them, they adapt and measure living organisms -- they're all questions about the objective work.
That could be applied to the human brain to explain some behaviors and the functions of the human brain as an emerging phenomenon, how we walk, how we speak, how we play chess -- all are questions about behavior.
But when it comes to consciousness, the questions about behavior are among the easy problems.
But the hard problem, is the question of why everything behavior is accompanied from a subjective experience?
And here it is, the standard paradigm of the emergence -- the standard paradigm of neuroscience, actually still doesn't have a lot to say.
I'm a scientific heart material.
I want a scientific theory of the straight that works. For a long time, I hit my head against the wall looking for a theory of consciousness in pure physical terms that would work.
But at the end I got to the conclusion that it didn't work for systemic reasons.
I think we're stuck at this point.
We have a chain of wonderful explanations, great. We used to this: physics explains chemistry, chemistry explains biology, biology explains part of psychology.
But consciousness doesn't seem to fit in this scheme.
On the one hand, it's a fact that we are aware of.
For another, we don't know how to accommodate that idea to our scientific view of the world.
I think consciousness right now, is kind of a animal -- something that we need to integrate into our view of the world, but we don't know yet.
With an anomaly like this, you can need radical ideas, I think we need ideas that at first seem crazy, before we can deal with consciousness in a scientific way.
There are some possibilities for those crazy ideas.
My friend Dan Dennett, who's here today, has one.
His crazy idea is that there is no such problem of consciousness.
The whole idea of the internal film includes a kind of illusion or confusion.
Actually, what you need to do, is to explain the objective functions -- the behaviors of the brain, and this is what all you need to do is study it.
Well, more power for him.
That's the radical idea that we need to explore if we want to have a theory of purely reductionist consciousness, based on the brain.
At the same time, for me and for many others, that vision is quite close to simply deny the observation of consciousness is satisfying.
But I am in a different direction.
In the time, I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think can be promised.
The first crazy idea is that consciousness is critical.
The physicists sometimes take some aspects of the universe as fundamental leaflets, space, time and mass.
They position fundamental laws that govern them, like the laws of gravity or quantum mechanics.
These fundamental laws and properties are not explained in terms of anything more basic.
On the contrary, they are considered fundamental, and that's where the world is built.
Sometimes the list of how fundamental it is lost.
In the 19th century, Maxi discovered that you can't explain the electromagnetic phenomena in terms of fundamental presidents -- space, space time, mass -- news -- then Newton -- so I put the basic laws of electromagnetics, and I put the electrical charge as a fundamental concept that those laws govern government.
I think that's the situation we find with consciousness.
If you can't explain consciousness in terms of fundamental presidents, space, time, mass mass, the care, then for logic question, you have to raise the list.
The most natural thing would be as a fundamental thing, a fundamental brick of nature.
This doesn't mean that suddenly it's not the object of science.
It opens the way to make it scientifically.
So what we need is studying the fundamental laws that govern consciousness, the laws that connect consciousness with other fundamental concepts -- space, time, mass, physical processes.
The physicists sometimes say that we want fundamental laws so simple that we can focus on a regime.
The situation of consciousness is something like this.
We want to find fundamental laws so simple that we could focus on a t-shirt.
We still don't know what laws are, but that's what we look for.
The second crazy idea is that consciousness can be universal.
Every single system can have a degree of consciousness.
This vision sometimes is called pandemics, "Pantheon" for everyone, "Plate for mind, every system is conscious -- not only humans, the dogs, the mice, the flies, even the microbes of Rob King, the elementary particles.
Even a picture has some degree of consciousness.
The idea is not that photons are smart or they think.
It's not that a picture can be full of distress when you think "Oh, always traveling at the speed of light.
I can never slow down and smell the red."
No, so no.
But the thought is that perhaps photons can have some raw feeling element -- subsidized some primitive precursor of consciousness.
This can sound a little bit crazy for you.
How do anyone think about something so crazy?
Part of this comes from the first crazy idea, that consciousness is fundamental stuff.
If it's fundamental -- like space, time and mass -- it's natural to assume that it can also be universal.
It's also worth noticing that even though the idea seems illusion, it's much less for the people of different cultures, where the human mind seems more a continuum with nature.
A deeper reason comes from the idea that perhaps the simplest and powerful way to find fundamental laws that relate to thinking about physical process, is linked consciousness with information.
Whenever there's processing information, there's consciousness.
Composition of complex information, like in a human being, complex awareness.
Simple information processing, simple consciousness.
Something very exciting is that in recent years a neuroscientist, Giltered Tony, took this kind of theory and developing it with mathematical methods.
It has a mathematical integration of information integration, which is called a pilot, which measures the degree of information integrated in a system.
And I guess I have to do with consciousness.
So in a human brain, there's an incredible degree of information integration -- a high degree of infant, a lot of consciousness.
In a mouse there is an average degree of information integration in a mouse, very significant second, very significant awareness.
But when you get to the floors, microbes, particles, the friend of friend said.
The level of information integration is lower, but it's not zero either.
In Tony theory, there will still be a different level of awareness.
It actually provides a fundamental law of consciousness, high degree of grass, high degree of consciousness.
Also, another reason is that pandemic can help us integrate awareness to the physical world.
Physics, and philosophers often have observed that physics is curiously abstract.
It describes the structure of reality using a lot of equations, but we don't talk about the reality that underlies underneath.
As Stephen Hawking explains where the fire of equations come from?"
From the pathogenic vision, the equations of physics can be left as they are, but they can use to describe the flow of consciousness.
That's what physicists do basically describe the flow of consciousness.
According to this vision, consciousness is the one that puts fire in the equations.
In that vision, consciousness is not found out of the physical world as a kind of addiction.
It's right there in the center.
This vision, I think, the panel vision, has the potential to transform our relationship with nature, and you can have social consequences and ethical consequences.
Some can be illegal.
I used to think that I shouldn't eat anything that had consciousness, then I had to be vegetable.
If you're a panel and you accept that vision, you will have a lot of hungry.
I think that thinking about it well, this tends to transform your vision, while what matters in ethical terms and moral conditions, is not so much the fact of consciousness, but its importance and complexity.
It's also natural to ask for consciousness in other systems, like computers.
What about the artificial intelligence system in Samari in the "Carter Hole?
Is it conscious?
According to the vision of panel information, she has a complicated information processing -- so the answer is yes, if it's conscious.
If this is right, you have very serious ethical problems about the ethical system systems of smart computers and the ethics of turning them.
Finally, you can ask for the consciousness of full collective collections, the planet.
Can Canada have its own consciousness.
Or at a more local level, an integrated group, like the audience in a TED Talk, right now, we have a collective TED consciousness, an internal movie for this whole TED group, different from the inner movies of each other part?
I don't know the answer to that question, but I think at least it's a question that must be made seriously.
So this panel vision, it's a radical vision, and I don't know if it's right.
I'm actually safer from the first crazy idea, that consciousness is a fundamental thing, which is the second one that is universal.
The vision raises a lot of questions, many challenges, like, how those bits of thinking contribute to the kind of complex awareness we know and love it.
If we can answer those questions, then I think we're going on the right path towards a theory of serious consciousness.
If not, well, that's probably the most difficult problem of science and philosophy.
We can't wait to solve it overnight.
But I think we will finally discover it.
Understanding consciousness is the real key, I think, to understand the universe and to understand ourselves.
Maybe we just need the right idea.
Thank you.
I grew up in a little rural village in victory.
He had a very normal profile, an education profile.
I went to school, I went to my friends, I fought my younger sisters.
It was all very normal.
And when I was 15 years old, a member of my community came up to my parents because I wanted to get to a community prize.
And my parents said, "Well, that's very nice, but there's an obvious problem.
She actually hasn't got anything."  And they were right.
I went to school, I had good grades. After the school, I had a low profile on my mother, and I spent a lot of time looking at the "Brain Sea Story Story and Darwin Creating."
Yeah, I know. What contradiction.
But they were right.
I did nothing that was extraordinary at all.
Nothing that can be considered as a achievement if we take the disability out of the equation.
Years later, being in the second part of the teaching in a high school of Melconvewity, just after about 20 minutes in the 11 of legal studies a guy raised his hand and said, "Hey, when do you give you your speech?"
And I said, "What discussion?"
Well, I had been talking about the law of distribution for a good 20 minutes.
And he said, "You know, your motivation speech.
When people in wheelchair are talking about inspiring things in school?"
Usually in the stock room.
And it was then when I realized, this kid had had experiences with disabled people as an inspiring objects.
And we are not. And it's not about the guy, it is to say, that's true for many of us.
For us, people with disability are not our teachers or our doctors or our manuals.
We're not real people. We're there to inspire it.
And in fact, I'm on this stage looking at what I do in this wheelchair and probably you're waiting for you to inspire you. Right?  Yeah.
Well, ladies and gentlemen, I let me tell you strangely.
I'm not here to inspire you.
I'm here to tell you that you have lied us in relation to disability.
Yes, you have sold the lie that disability is a bad thing, and you know, a massive thing.
It's something bad and living with a disability makes you remarkable.
It's not a bad thing and you can't make it remarkable.
And in the last few years, we've been able to spread even more of this lie through social media.
You may have seen images like this: "The only disability in life is a bad active."
Or this one, "Your excuse is indicated."
Or this one, "Before I went down, intensity."
These are just a couple of examples, but there's a lot of them.
You may have seen one, from the girl without hands drawing with a pencil held by the mouth.
You may have seen a child who runs with a carbon fiber legs.
And there's a lot of these images, which are what we call porn inspiration.
And I use the term deeply depressing, because they make a group of people for the benefit of another group of people.
So in this case, we set up the disabled.
The purpose of these images is to inspire them, to motivate them, so that we can see them and think, "Well, as bad as my life, it could be worse.
I could be that person.
But what if you're that person?
I've lost the story of the number of times that I've been able to express you that you think I'm a courageous or a source of inspiration, and this happens before my work had a public profile.
It was as if I was happy to get up in the morning and remember my own name.  And this is complicated.
These images, those images make people disability in benefit from people without disabilities.
They're there so you can see them and think things aren't so bad for you, or to put their concerns in perspective.
And life as a disabled person is actually something hard.
We had some things.
But the things we know are not the things that you can think of.
They're not relative to our bodies.
I use the term "problems" -- deliberately because I was surprised to call the social model of the disability, which tells us that we are more disabled because of the society that we live because of our bodies or diagnosis.
So I've lived in this body for a long time.
I'm very close to him.
I do the things that I need to do, and I've learned to take the best of your ability as you do, and that's what happens with the kids of those pictures as well.
They're not doing anything out of the common thing.
They're just using their bodies taking the best of their ability.
So is it really fair to build them in the way we do it, by sharing those images.
When people tell us, "You're a source of inspiration," it tells you as a complete.
And I know why it happens.
It's because of the lie, because they've sold us this realization that disability makes us remarkable.
And honestly, it doesn't do it.
And I know what they're thinking.
I'm here to build inspiration and you think, "Oh God, Steven, aren't you sometimes inspired by something?"
And actually, I know I am.
Learning from other people with disability at all time.
However, I don't learn that I'm more lucky than them.
I learn that this is a great idea to use some barrier pictures to collect the things that come to me --  learning the trick of how to load the battery of the mobile phone on the battery of the chair.
Great.
We learn from the force and resistance of others, not against our bodies and our diagnosis, but against a world that except to us.
I really think that that lie that we've sold about disability is the biggest injustice.
It makes us hard life.
And that quote, "The only disability in life is a bad action," the reason that that is lie is because it's not true, because of the social model of disability.
A lot of smile in front of a scale of stairs has never done that it becomes a random.
Never --   smiling to a television screen will not be able to appear for the substances for deaf people.
Not a lot of people in the middle of a bookstore and dragging a positive attitude to turn all those books into the ground.
It's just not going to happen.
I want to really live in a world where disability is not the exception, but the norm.
I want to live where a 15 year-old girl sitting in his bedroom watching "Brain the Salamando Vanish is not considered by nothing to be in a chair.
I want to live in a world where we don't have so low expectations of people with disability that we are happy to get out of bed and remember our names in the morning.
I want to live in a world where we value the genuine achievement of people with disabilities, and I want to live in a world where a 11 degree in a high school of Melconvewity is not a little surprise that his new teacher is a wheelchair user user users.
The disability doesn't make us exciting, but to question what you believe to know about what you do is it does.
Thank you.
What do you have to look at augmented reality and professional football with empathy.
And what is the average speed of a general golfer?
Unfortunately, today I'll just answer one of those questions, so please don't detect it.
When people think about really augmented reality, they think of Minister Republic, and in Tom Cross by running hands in the air, but augmented reality is not science fiction.
The augmented reality is something that will happen in our days and happen because we have the tools for it, and people need to know it, because reality will increase our lives as much as the Internet and mobile phones.
So how do we get to the augmented reality?
The first step, it's what I'm wearing -- the Google Glass.
I'm sure many are familiar with them.
What you may not know is that the Google Glass, are a device that allows you to see what I see.
I'll allow you to experience what is to be a professional sport in the field.
Right now, the only way to be in the field is that I try to describe it.
I have to use words.
I have to create a framework that you will fill with your imagination.
We can use the Google Glass, underneath a helmet and know what is running through the game field at 100 miles, the blood hitting the ears.
We can know that this feels like a 110-year-old man chasing us, trying to engage with all of their being.
I've been there and I assure you it's not nice.
I bring some videos to show you what the Google Glass is to use under the helmet and give them an idea of that.
Unfortunately, they're not images of NGO practices because the idea of the emerging technology is a submarine coming up to the surface, but we do what we can.
So let's look at a video.
Chris Kulling: Come on.
It's horrible to be taken.
A moment. Let's get a little bit.
Pressure?
Go!
Chris Kleiver: As you can see, it's a proof of what is being used in the football field, from the technology of the keyboard.
You'll notice that they lack people, the rest of the team.
We have a video of them from the University of Washington.
field. Mountain 54: Mouse Mothers.
Blue eight, Blue 1: Go! Go!
Chris Kuthering: This is a little bit more to the feeling being in the field, but it has nothing to do with being at NGO.
The fans want that experience.
The fans want to be in the field, being their favorite players, and they've asked me on YouTube and on Twitter, you can see from the angle of a field market.
Or a corruption?
We want to experience that."
Once we have that experience with Google and Google Glass, how do we get out of fill? How do we take it to the next level.
We took it to that level using something called Eights Robert, which surely many already know.
The Economics Richard has been described as the most realistic virtual reality device ever created, and it's not cheap words.
And I'm going to show you why, with this video.
Man: Oh, oh.
No, no, no, I don't want to keep playing. No!
Oh my God. Ah!
CK: That's the experience of a man in a Russian mountain taking his life.
What will be the experience of a fan when we put a video from Adrianne Peter crossing the line, getting rid of a tablet with the arm before they run and make an anti-portrait, what will be the experience of a fan.
When I could be Minuse running down the card, launching the ball at the bottom of the network, or Fed making a status in Wikipedia?
What will your experience be when you go down from a mountain to over 100 miles as an Olympic skier.
Maybe you increase the sales of pain for adults.
But this is not still advanced.
It's just virtual reality, River.
How do we achieve augmented reality, Rio reality?
We will reach the augmented reality when the coaches and the magnets and the owners look at the information of what people want to see and think, "How do we use this to improve our teams.
How do we use it to win paradox?"
Because they always use technology to win.
They like to win. They give them money.
So, here's a brief report about the technology in NGO.
In 1965, the Palms of Baltimore put a wrist to their field marketing to play faster.
You won the Super Bowl that year.
Other teams decided to imitate them.
More people saw the party because it was more exciting, faster.
In 1994, NGO put radio in the helmet of the fields of field and then in the defense.
They had more spectacular because it was faster, more entertaining.
In 2020, imagine that they are a player coming back to your group and you see their next player shown in front of you, in a plastic view that you wear -- you don't have to worry about forgetting a game.
Or to memorize the strategy.
They only go out to the field and react.
And the coaches want it because if they don't follow their instructions, they lose parties, and they hate to lose parts.
If you lose parties you have a trainer.
And they don't want that.
But augmented reality is not just a mass of improved strategies.
The augmented reality is also a way to collect information and use it in real time to improve your way to play the game.
How would you do?
Well, a very simple option would be a camera in every corner of the stadium, having a view from the high of the people who are down.
You also get information from the sensors of the helmet and the accelerators, something you're already working on.
And all that information is sent to your players.
Good teams will know send it.
The bad ones will get information overload.
This differences to good teams of bad.
So your computer team will be as important as your records, and data analysis will stop being just for nerves.
It's going to be also for sports. Who would have imagined it?
What would it be in the field.
Imagine you're the field market.
You get the bullet and back.
You look at an open receptor. All of a sudden, a fly on the left part of your view is that a defense behind you is going to attack you -- normally you wouldn't see it, but the Row system admits you.
You move into the protection area.
Another jar tells you there's an open receptor.
You throw the bullet out, but you give you the ball.
And the bullet loses the trajectory.
You don't know where to land -- yet the receptor sees in its view an area of grass that lights up and can modify the race.
It is appropriate, and it takes the ball, running and announcement.
The public put up and the fans have followed the player from every angle.
This is something that will create a massive emotion in the game.
I'll make lots of people see it, because people want to live that experience.
The fans want to be in the field.
They want to be their favorite player.
Reality will be part of the sports because it's too profitable to not be.
But what I ask you is, we want this to be the only use of augmented reality.
Are we going to use it just as bread and circus like our usual entertainment.
Because I think we can use it for something else.
I think we can use the augmented reality to foster the empathy between human beings, to show someone how it is, literally, to be in the place of another person.
We know what this technology is worth of sports lights.
It generates billions of income a year.
But how much does this technology do for a teacher in the classroom trying to show a bar how harmful their actions are from the perspective of the victims?
How much is this technology worth for a gay in Uganda or Russia trying to show the world how is it being personally?
How much is it for a Harvard Commental or a New Department Tenna trying to inspire a generation of children to think more in space and science instead of sterile notes and Kardinarians?
Ladies and gentlemen, the augmented reality.
The questions we make, the decisions we take and the challenges that we face, they depend on as always, from us.
Thank you.
I recently retire after 23 years of service at the University of California.
Most of those 23 years I was parking the southern edge of the Marine County, which includes the Gold Gates bridge.
The bridge is an iconic structure, known by their beautiful view of San Francisco, the Pacific Ocean.
Unfortunately, it's also a magnet for suicide, being one of the most used places in the world.
The Gold Gates Bridge was open in 1973.
Joseph Street, engineer chief of building the bridge, said that, "The bridge is essentially the evidence of suicide.
The suicide from the bridge is not practical or probable."
But from his openness, over 1,600 people have jumped to their death from that bridge.
Some of you think it's going to travel between the two towers you will take you to another dimension -- this bridge has been identified as such, so the fall from him frees you from all your concerns and pain, and the waters that go under clean your soul.
But let me tell you that it happens when the bridge is used to commit suicide.
After one every free of four to five seconds, the body hits the water about 120 miles an hour.
The impact breaks the bone, some of which they drill vital organs.
Most of them die in the impact.
The ones that don't normally get thrown into the helpless water, and then they drowned out.
I don't think that those who share this method of suicide will realize the death of death they will face.
This is the cord.
Except around the two towers, there are 32 inches of parallel steel to the bridge.
This is where most people get before they take their life.
I can tell you for experience that once the person is in that edge, and in their darker time, it's very difficult to bring them back.
I took this picture last year as this young man talked to an officer by controlling his life.
I want to tell you with joy that we had success that day to bring it back on the flag.
When I started working on the bridge, we had no formal training.
We fought to channel the path through these calls.
This was not just a bad service to those who control suicide, but the officers as well.
We've taken a long way since then.
Today, veteran and psychologists train new officers today.
This is Jason Garrent.
I met him on July 22 last year by getting a call from a possible suicide suicide sitting in the correct near the center.
I said, and when I got there, I looked at Jason talking to an officer of the Google Gates bridge.
Jason was only 32 years old, and he had flown up to here from New Jersey.
In fact, I had flown up to here twice before New Jersey to try to figure out from this bridge.
After about an hour talking to Jason and asked us if we knew the history of the Pandora's box.
remembering the Greek mythology Zem created Panto, and he sent her to the Earth with a box, and he said, "You never open that box."
Well, one day, curiosity could more than Pantan, and she opened the box.
From she came out, plans, and all kinds of bad against man.
The only good thing in the box was hope.
So Jason asked us, "What if you open the box and there's no hope?"
He stopped a few instances, leaned to the right, and it was gone.
This beautiful and smart boy in New Jersey just took my life.
I talked to Jason parents that night, and I guess when I was talking to them, I didn't seem to be ringing very well, because the next day, the family rabbi called me to see how I was.
Jason parents had been asked.
The collective damage of the suicide affect a lot of people.
I ask you these questions: What would you do if a member of your family or a friend or someone loved that one?
What would you say?
You know what to say?
In my experience, you don't just have to talk, but you have to listen.
I'll hear to understand.
Don't argue, blaming or you tell the person you know how you feel, because you probably don't know.
Just being there, you can be the point of inflection you need.
If you think somebody is suicide, you don't have afraid to find them and ask the question.
One way to ask you the question is, "One in similar circumstances have thought about running your life, you've had these thoughts, right?
confront the person in front can save your life and be the point of inflection for them.
Other signs to look for -- despair, believe that things are terrible and they're never going to improve -- implication, believe that there's nothing you can do about it.
I came up with this talk just a couple days ago, and I got an email of a lady and I'd like to read her letter.
She lost his son on January 19 of January this year, and he wrote this email just a couple of days, and it's with his permission and blessing that I read it.
"Hi, Kevin Kevin -- I imagine you're at the TED conference.
It must be a whole experience to be there.
I'm thinking that I should go to the bridge this weekend.
I just wanted to leave a note.
I hope you can tell a lot of people and go home talking about it to their friends who tell their friends, etc.
I'm still quite insecure, but I'm going to notice more moments to realize that Mike won't go home.
Mike was driving from Pete to San Francisco to see the party of the 49 with his father on January 19 of January.
It never got there.
He called the Patatured Police and repeated it as disappeared that night.
The next morning, two officers came to my house and reported me that the car of Mike was down in the bridge.
A witnesses had seen him jump from the bridge to the 1850s in the evening of the previous day.
Thank you very much.
Who hasn't been before wrong without having a real mental illness.
It shouldn't be so easy to end up with it.
My prayers are with you for your fight.
The GG: The Google Golden Gates is supposed to be a passage through our beautiful bay.
Good luck this week, Victoria."
I can't imagine the value that she needed to go to the bridge and go through the path that his son took that day, and also the value to go ahead.
I'd like to introduce you to a man that I mean with hope and value.
On March 11, 2005, I responded to a radio call by a possible suicide suicide on the side of the bridge near the north tower.
He drove my motorcycle on the sidewalk, and I looked at this man, Kevin Bertie, standing on the sidewalk.
When he saw me, he immediately crossed the flag, and he stopped in that little tube that goes around the tower.
During the time and a half later, I heard Kevin talked about his depression and despair.
Kevin decided to come back on that lane and give life another chance.
When Kevin came back, I happy.
"This is a new beginning, a new life."
But I asked him, "What was it that he did to go back and give them to hope and life another opportunity?"
And you know what he told me?
He said, "I listen to me.
And I let me talk and just hear about."
Shortly after that incident, I got a letter from the mother of Kevin and I have that letter with me, and I would like to read it.
"Dear Mr. British, nothing erase the events of March 11, and you're one of the reasons why Kevin is still with us.
Honestly, I think Kevin was changing for help.
It's been diagnosed with a mental illness that has been properly medical.
I adopted Kevin when I only had six months, completely unconscious of all those inherited traits -- but thank God, we now know it.
Kevin is in order, like it.
We give God for you.
Honestly, in debt with you, Nathan Berling."
And at the end she wrote, "I did. When I visited the San Francisco General hospital that night, you would be wondering as the patient.
"I know I had to solve it."
Today, Kevin is a loving father and active member of society.
He talks openly about the events of that day and his depression with hope that his story inspired others.
The suicide is not just something I've found myself in work.
It's personal.
My grandfather was suicide with poison.
That act in spite of finishing his own pain, I actually stole the opportunity to know it.
This is what the suicide does.
For most of the suicide people, or those who consider suicide, they wouldn't think about hurt another person.
They simply want your own pain to end.
Typically, this is only done in three things: sleep, drugs or alcohol or death.
In my career, I have responded and I've been involved in hundreds of mental illnesses and calls of suicide around the bridge.
Of those incidents where I've been directly involved, I've only lost two, but those two are too much.
One was Jason was.
The other one was a man who told him about an hour.
During that time, I was raised by my hand in three times.
In the final learning, I looked at me, and he said, "Kevin, I'm sorry, but I have to go."
And he jumped out.
Horrified, absolutely awful.
I want to tell you, though, that the vast majority of people that we have to contact in that bridge are not suicide.
Also, those few that have come out of the bridge and lived and that you can talk about it, that one or two percent, most of those people have said that the second one they have said to you that the barrier they realized they had made a mistake and they wanted to live.
I say to people, the bridge not only connects Maria with San Francisco, but also people.
That connection, or bridge we do, is something that everyone and each of us should be working on to do.
The suicide.
There's help. There's hope.
Thank you very much.
The world makes you what you're not, but in your inner you know what you are, and a question you do -- how do you become that?
I have to be something unique in that sense, but I'm not alone, in any way I am alone.
When I became a model I felt that I finally had the dream I had since a child.
My outside ended up with my inner truth, with my inner self.
For complicated reasons, which I'm going to refer later later, when I look at this picture I think -- you get it General, you got it, you get it.
But last October, I discovered that, I am just starting to.
We all have our families, our religion, our society, our moment in history, even our bodies.
Some of them have the courage to release -- to get rid of the limitations imposed by the color of the skin or the belief of those who surround us.
They're people who always challenge the status quo -- what is considered accepted.
In my case, the last nine years old, a lot of my neighbors, many of my friends, my agent, I ignored my story.
I think this engineer is called revenue.
This is mine.
I was recorded as a child when I was born because of the appearance of my genius.
I remember my five years in the Philippines, in my house, I always wore this shirt in my head.
And my mom asked me, "Why do you always take that shirt in your head?
I said, "Mom, it's my hair. I'm a girl.
I knew how to self-inducrimate it.
The gender has always considered an industrial fact, but now we know that actually, it's something more complex and mysterious.
Because of my success, I never dare to share my story, not because I thought I will be a bad thing, but how the world deals with those of us who want to liberate us.
Every day I appreciate to be woman.
I have mom, Dad and a family who accepted me as I am.
Many are not so lucky.
There's a long tradition in Asian culture that celebrates the mystery of gender.
There's a Buddhist goddess of compassion.
There's a Hindu goddess of the store.
And when I was eight years old, I was in a party in the Philippines who celebrated these mysteries in the Philippines who celebrated these mysteries ...
I was in front of the stage, and I remember this beautiful woman came to me, and I remember that moment as if something hit me, this is the kind of woman I would like to be.
And when I was 15 years old, I met this woman called The Tile.
It's the director of a consumer construction.
I said, "Why haven't you been involved in the beauty constitute?"
He told me that if she was involved from the response spending and the visitor -- and that night, I won in the bathroom suit, and I won in gallon suit, and it was a third end between over 40 candidates.
That moment changed my life.
Suddenly, it was within the world of beauty residents.
Not a lot of people can say that their first job was from beautiful women, but I can.
I also met the goddess of the disasters, especially when we traveled to remote provinces of the Philipsters.
But more importantly, I met my best friends of that community.
In 2001, my mom who had moved to San Francisco, he called me and told me that I was approved by my green card request that I could go to live in the United States.
I was resistant.
I told my mother, "Mommy, I'm fun.
I'm here with friends, I like to travel and be a beauty of beauty.
But then, two weeks later, he called me and said, "You know if you moved to the United States, you can change the name and the gender identity.
It was all I needed to hear.
My mom suggested to me that I put two and" to my name.
She also accompanied me when I was operating in Thailand at age 19.
It's curious that in some of the most rural cities in Thailand perform the most prestigious and sophisticated surgeries and safe.
At that time in the United States, it was necessary to do surgery before the name and gender.
So in 2001, I went to San Francisco, and I remember looking at the driver's license with the name Gen and the F of female gender.
It was a great moment.
For some people, their identity of identity means being able to drive or be able to get a test, but for me it was the license to live, to feel diagnose.
Suddenly, my fears looked minimum.
I felt that I could conquer my dream and move to New York, and it will be model.
Many are not so lucky.
I think of this woman of move Allen Netflix.
A young woman in New York who was rapidly living his truth, but he was sort of speed, he put her life up.
For many of my community, that's the reality that they live.
Our suicide rates are eight times higher than the rest of the population.
Every 20 of November, we do a global surveillance by the Congressional Day of the Congress.
I'm on this stage thanks to a long story of people who fight and stood up to the injustice.
These are Marshall P. Johnson and Sylvia River.
Today, I'm coming out of the closet.
I can't keep living my truth alone and just for me.
I want to do the best thing to help others live their truth without shame.
I'm here, exposing it, so that some day there is no more three-dimensional three-dimensional surveillance.
My deepest truth led me to accept what I am.
Will you do it?
Thank you very much.
Thank you, thank you, thank you.  KT: Gene, a quick question.
Gene Rocke: Sure. You see, first, thank you with all my blessing.
For my support network, my parents especially -- to my family, which is very strong.
I remember all the times I've been attending young women translated, who I have designed, and sometimes when they called me and told me that his parents couldn't accept it. I was taking the phone, called my mom and said, "Mommy, can you call this woman?"
Sometimes it worked, others don't. It's just identity, that's what is at the center of what we are, right?
I mean, all of us are assigned by a gender at birth, and what I try to do is put on the table the subject that sometimes that analytical analytics, and that there should be a space that allowed people to self-descend, and this is a conversation that we should have with parents, with colleagues.
The ingredient movement is starting compared to gay motion.
There's still a lot of work for doing.
I should have understanding.
There should be space for curiosity and to ask questions, and I hope you all be my allies.
KS: Thank you. Very nice. GG: Thank you.
In many patriarchal societies and tribal societies, parents are usually known for their children, but I'm one of the few parents who are known for their daughter and I'm proud of it.
Malawi started his campaign for education defending his rights in 2007, and when his efforts were sent in 2011, when he was handwings in the National Prize of peace, became very famous -- a very popular girl in his country.
Before that, I was my daughter, but now I'm his father.
Ladies and gentlemen, if you take a look at the history of humanity, the history of women is the story of injustice -- of inequality, of violence and exploration.
You see, in the patriarchal societies, right from the beginning, when a girl is born, their birth doesn't celebrate.
It's not welcome not for his father, not for his mother.
The neighborhood comes in, gives your condoms to the mother and no one happy to the father.
And a mother was very overwhelmed by having a girl.
When I give birth to the first child, the first daughter, it gets sad.
When you give birth to the second daughter, you get excited, and with the hope of a child, when you shake your third daughter, it feels guilty as a criminal.
Not just the mother suffering, but the daughter -- the newly born daughter, when it grows, it suffers too.
At the age of five, when I should go to school, they stay home and the school admit to their siblings.
Until 12 years old, in some ways, has a good life.
You can fun.
You can play with your friends on the street, and you can move through the streets like a butterfly.
But when he comes into the adolescence, when he was 13 years old, he was prototyped coming out of his house without a male accumulation.
It's confined to the four walls of their house.
It's no longer a free person.
He becomes the honor of his father and his brothers and his family, and if you bring the code of that honor course, you could even kill it.
And it's interesting that this assumption code of honor doesn't only affect the life of a child, it also affects the life of the male members of the family.
So this brother, he sacrificed the joy of his life and the happiness of his sisters in the name of honor.
And there's a norm more of the patterns that are called obesity.
A good girl is supposed to be very short, very humble and very substantial.
It's critic.
The model of a good girl must be street.
It's supposed to be silent and accept the decisions of his father and his mother and the decisions of the elderly -- even if you don't want.
If you marry it with a man who doesn't like it, or if you marry it with an old man, you have to accept it, because it doesn't want to be quiet.
If you sing it very young, you have to accept it.
Otherwise, they will call it a disease.
And what happens at the end?
In words of a poet -- "The house, the end, and then gives birth to more children and daughters."
And the irony of the situation is that this mother, the same lesson of obesity to his daughter and the same lesson of honor to his children.
And this vicious circle continues and continues.
You loved brothers and sisters, when Malawi was born, and for the first time, believe me, I don't like the newly born news, to be honest, but when I was there, and I looked at her eyes, believe me, I felt extremely honest.
And long before I was born, I thought about her name, and I was fascinated with a legendary freedom of freedom in Afghanistan.
His name was Malawi's Malawi's Malaria, and I called my daughter like this.
But when I left, they were all men, and I grabbed my pen, and I took a line from my name, and I wrote, "Malaria.
And when she grew up, when I was four and a half years old, I admit to my school.
You might wonder, why should I mention a girl in a school?"
Yeah, I have to mention it.
You can give it for granted in Canada, in the United States, in many developed countries, but in the poor countries, in pathological societies, in tribal societies, is a great event for girls' life.
In a school means the recognition.
A school mission means that it has entered the world of dreams and applications where it can explore their potential for their future life.
I have five sisters, and none of them could go to school, and they would be surprised, two weeks earlier, when the Canadian version, and I was in the relative part of the family, I couldn't remember the ones of some of my sisters.
And the reason I had never seen the names of my sisters written in any document.
That was the reason why I value my daughter.
What my father couldn't give my sisters not to his daughters and I thought he had to change it.
I used to appreciate intelligence and salary of my daughter.
I was willing to sit with me when my friends came to me.
I encouraged to go with me to different meetings.
And all of these values, I've been trying to connect in his personality.
And this wasn't just for her, just for malaria.
I've hit all these good values in my school to girls and kids alike.
He used education for environment.
I taught my daughters, teaching students, to forget the lesson of obesity.
I taught students to forget the lesson of the so-called sounder.
We loved brothers and sisters, we fought for more rights for women, and we fought to have more and more space for women in society.
But we found a new phenomenon.
It was lethal for human rights, and in particular, for women's rights.
It's called the talent.
That means a complete negotiation of women's participation in all political, economic and social activities.
Hundreds of schools were lost.
The girls were banned to go to school.
Women were forced to use candles and they stopped going to markets.
The musicians were quiet -- the girls sentenced and the killers killed.
They suffered millions of them, but a few talk, and it was terrifying to have around those people who kill and raise when you talk about your rights.
It's really frightening.
At the age of 10 years, Malawi got up and lifted on the right to education.
He wrote a newspaper for the BBC blog, he offered herself for the New York Times documentary and talked about every platform he could.
And his voice was the most powerful voice.
It spread as a class around the world.
And that was the reason why the Taliban couldn't tolerate their campaign and October nine 2012, they shot to curve in the head.
It was a drug day for my family and me.
The world became a big black hole.
Whereas my daughter was debating between life and death, he whispered my ear to my wife to my wife, "I must blame for what happened to my daughter to your daughter.
And he probably said, "Please don't blame you.
It defined the fair cause.
You put your life in play by the cause of the truth, because of the cause of peace, and by the cause of education, and your daughter is inspired in you and join you.
Both of them were on the right way and God will protect you."
These few words meant a lot for me, and I didn't ask myself again.
When Malawi was in the hospital and he had severe pain and strong headaches because his facial nerve was cut, I used to see a dark shadow that was spread by the face of my wife.
But my daughter never complained, he never complained, right?
I used to say, "I'm okay with my storyteller and with the movement in my face.
I'm going to put it right. Please don't worry.
It was a consensus for us, and it consistents.
And dear brothers and sisters, we've learned from her how to resist at the most difficult moments, and I'm pleased to share with you that despite being an icon for children and women and women, it's like any 16 year-old girl.
He cried when he didn't end his task.
You fight with your siblings, and I'm very happy about that.
People ask me, "What's special in my tutor that has done so audacious to Malawit's so brave and expression?
I say, don't ask me what I did.
Ask me what I didn't do.
I didn't cut his wings, and that's it.
Thank you very much.
Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you.
I was operated from the brain 18 years ago, and from that day, the science of the brain has become a personal passion.
I'm engineering.
And I want to tell you that I recently joined the Monterey group, Google, where I've had a divide to my charge, the visualization of Google X, but all the work I talk about today here about the science of the brain, I did before I joined Google or outside my work there.
Having said this, there's a stigma when you commit to a brain operation.
Are you still as smart or not?
If you wouldn't be like that, you can be smart.
After the neurosurgeon, I was missing a part of the brain, and I had to live with it.
It wasn't the gray matter, but it was the sticky part of the center that creates important hormones and neuroscientists.
And immediately after the operation, I had to decide how much to take, from more than a dozen chemicals every day, because if I didn't take anything, I would die in a few hours.
Every day, for the last 18 years, I've had to decide about the combinations and mix of chemicals, and try to get them, to keep living alive.
More than once I've saved me.
But luckily, I have an experimental soul, so I decided I would experience to try to get the optimal doses because there isn't really a clear map that tells you in detail.
I started testing with different mixes and I was surprised by seeing how small changes in the dose changed dramatically my authority, my sense of who I was, my sense of who I was, my behavior with each other.
A particularly impressive case, for a few months, I tried doses and typical chemicals for a man of Verset, and I was surprised by looking at my thoughts.
I was always funny, I thought all the time in sex -- and I thought it was the smartest person around the world, and --  -- of course, many times in the past, I've known several types like this, or maybe some of the seasons attached.
It turned out as an end.
But my great surprise was that I wasn't trying to be arrogant as well.
In fact, I was trying to figure out a problem that I had in the front, and it just doesn't happen like that.
So, I couldn't handle it.
I changed my doses changed.
But I think that experience gave me a new appreciation about men and what they have to go through -- since then I get better with men.
What I was trying to do, when we adjust those hormones and neuroscientists and so on, was to reclaim my intelligence after disease and operation, my creative thought, my flow of ideas.
I tend to think almost always in pictures, and that became my key point of reference -- how do I get those mental images that I use to create programs, my ideas, if you will, testing new ideas and recreating situations.
These kinds of thoughts is not new.
Philadely like Hungary, Descartes and Hebrew see things like this.
They thought that images and mental ideas were the same thing.
Today there are people who question this idea, and there are many discussions about how the mind works, for me it's simple: for most of us, mental images are fundamental for creative thinking and invention.
So after several years, I managed to find the point right and I have already lots of great mental images, really videos, well sophisticated and good structures.
Now, I'm working on how to take very quick images these mental images, my mind to the computer screen.
Can you imagine what would happen if a movie director was able to use their imagination only to steer the world that has the front?
Or if a musician could extract the music of their head?
There are incredible possibilities with this, as the way that creative people can come to share at the speed of light.
And the truth is, the only difficulty to do this is simply increase the resolution of our brain scanning systems.
Let me show you why I think we're pretty close to reaching this with two recent experiments done by two groups dedicated by two groups.
Both of them used MRI technology, image by functional MRI resonance to represent the brain. Here you can see the brain scan done by Bione Gangs and his colleagues of Harvard.
The column on the left shows the scene of the brain of a person who looks at an image.
The middle column shows the scene of the brain of that same individual while you imagined it, watching that same image.
The column on the right is created by holding the content of the central column on the left of the left -- you see that the difference is almost cloud.
This is repeated in many different individuals with many different images, always with a similar outcome.
The difference between seeing an image and imagine seeing that same image is almost cloud.
Now, let me share another experiment. This is from Jack Gallo lab in Berkeley, California.
They managed to convert the brain waves into recovery fields.
Let's start this way.
In this experiment, I showed people hundreds of hours of YouTube videos while they were scanning their brains to create a great advantage of brain reactions to video sequences.
Then, I showed you a film with new images, new people, new animals, and as much as a new scan was recorded.
The computer, using only the brain information of the scan I decided to show what seemed like the person was seeing.
On the right you can see the development of the computer, and on the left, the video that I showed you.
This left us barbecuations.
We're okay to do it.
We just need to improve resolution.
And now, remember, when you see an image, and when you imagine that same image, you believed in the brain the same map.
This was led to the brain scanning systems of greater resolution available today, and their resolution was increased as a thousand times in the last few years.
Now we need to increase the resolution about a thousand times more to get a deeper look.
How do we do that?
There are a lot of techniques to do it.
One is to open the skull and introduce electrodes to it.
I don't offer myself for that.
Many of them are proposing new images of projects for images, even me -- counting with the recent result of the MRI first, first we should ask you the next thing, this technology will be the end of the way?
The conventional wisdom says that the only way to get greater resolution is with larger magnets -- but to this point, more grain magnets are only offering small improvements in resolution -- don't increase for thousands as we need.
I propose this idea, rather than larger magnets -- let's make better magnets.
We can create more complex structures with slightly different streams, like making a picture.
And why do we care?
In the last few years, a lot of effort in the MRI were to make really big images, right?
However, most recent advances in the resolution of ingenious and brilliant solutions in code and decoding -- in the transmission and the FM radio frequencies in MRI systems.
At the same time, instead of a unified magnetic field, we use magnetic patterns attached to the FMRI radio frequency.
So when you combine the magnetic patterns with the patterns of the FM frequency processing process, we can increase massively the information that you can extract in a single scanned.
Also, we can then divide our growing knowledge on the structure of the brain and the memory to create the increase in the thousands we need.
By using the MRI we should be able to measure not just the blood fluid fluid, but the ones of the hormones and neurosciences that I've mentioned and maybe even neural activity -- this is the dream.
We will be able to fly.
Can you imagine if we could pass over language and communicate directly by thinking.
What would we be capable?
And how do we learn how to deal with the truths of human thinking without film?
You thought the Internet is a big thing.
These are big questions.
It would be irresistible to use it as a tool to amplify our skills of thinking and communication.
Certainly, this same tool could lead to Alzheimer's cure and similar diseases.
We have a few more choices that open this door.
Anyway, pick up a year, will happen in five or 15 years?
It's hard to imagine it will take a lot more.
We need to learn how to give this step together.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you tonight about coming out of the closet, and not in a traditional sense, not just gay marriage.
I think we all have arms.
His closet may be telling some person for the first time that love or telling someone who's pregnant, or telling someone who has cancer, or any other difficult conversation that you have gone through in life.
Every closet is a difficult conversation, and even though our issues can vary tripled, the experience of having lived and coming out of that closet is something universal.
It's fear, and we don't like it, and it must happen.
Many years ago, I worked at the South Side Cathral Caster, a restaurant in the city, and being there, I had to go through several stages of the place of the language of language, not to throw my armpits out of the letters of Anio D.C. Frank as a legal.
And it's going to be performing that by the balance of my short panel, and for having pointed my head out, I would always ask me a little child, "Hey, are you kid or girl?"
And it would appear an uncomfortable silence on the table.
I would appreciate my jaw a little bit more, I would take my coffee with a leaf leaf.
The father was increasingly streaming the newspaper and the mother would launch a cold, looked at his son.
But I would not say anything, and it would be survival inside.
And I got to the point that every time I went to a place where there was a child between three and 10 years, I was ready to fight.
And that's a terrible feeling.
So I promised that next time I would say something.
It would have that hard conversation.
So after a few weeks, it happened again.
"Are you a guy or a girl?"
A family silence -- but this time I was prepared and I was about to get up in the women's issues on the table.  I had Betty Freeze dates on the table.
The Gloria Stewart quote.
Even a fragment of the Vagina Monologues," I would show you.
And so I breathe hero and I went down the look and my backs a four-year-old girl with a pink dress, looking at me what is not a challenge for a feminist dragon, just a girl with a question: "Are you kid or girl?"
And so I would breathe a little bit back to me, and I got out of calls close to her, and I said, "Hey, I know this is something confuse.
I have the short hair like a kid -- and I see clothes, but I'm a girl, and you know, as you like to use a pink dress, and sometimes you like to use a comfortable pill.
Well, I'm more than the kind of girl of a common pill."
And that girl looked at me at the time, paying attention, and he said, "My favorite passenger is purple, and it has a fish.
Can you give me a pandemic plan?
And that was all. Just "Oh, OK. You're a girl.
What about the panel that I asked?
It was the easiest conversation of all of you ever had.
And why? Because the girl of the panel and me, both of us were honest with each other.
So as many of us, I've lived in some markers in my life, and yes, often, my walls used to be a rapid.
But inside, in the dark, you can't know what color is the walls.
You just know how you feel living in a closet.
That's how my closet is not different than yours or yours or yours.
And surely, I will give you 100 reasons why to come out of my closet. It was more difficult than coming out of your own, but this is the thing: The difficult thing is not relative to it.
The hard thing is hard.
Who can tell you to explain to someone who have been declared in broken bank is more difficult to say it's been shake?
Who can tell me that this story that I tell is more difficult than telling your five years to be divided?
There's no more difficult, there is only the hard.
We need to stop changing what is difficult about what hard for another person to make us feel better or worse in relation to our arms and we should only feel empathy because we all live something hard.
At some point in our lives, we all live in arms, and they can make them feel security, or at least more security than the other side of the door.
But I'm here to tell you that it doesn't matter what their walls are made from, a closet.
Thank you.  Imagine itself 20 years ago.
And I had a horse tail, a dress and step shoes.
It wasn't the military lesbian prepared to fight any four year-old child who would enter the coffee.
I was frozen by fear -- I was involved in a corner of my dark closet running my big gay grandma, and the moving only one muscle is the most scary thing I've ever done.
My family, my friends, complete strangers who I've spent my entire life trying to do not tell them, and now the world came back to purpose.
I was burning the pages of a script that we all have followed for so long, but if you don't throw that big, you will kill you.
One of my most memorable launch launches was on the wedding of my sister.
It was the first time that many people were invited to know that I was gay, and when I was doing my home ladies of honor in my black dress and tanks walked around the tables and finally came to one where my parents were from my parents, people who knew me years ago.
And after talking a moment, one of the women I saw, "I love Nathan Landhi.
And the battle of the gay story had begun.
"Ah, once you were in the Catholic?"
"Well, yeah, the truth is that we have friends in San Francisco.
"Well, we've never gone there, but we've heard it's fabulous."
"Ah, you know my Stall Stallow State?
It's very good and never talked about having a number."
"Ah, what is your favorite TV program.
Our favorite program Will and Gram.
And you know who loves us? Jack Jack.
Jack is our favorite."
And then a woman, disappointed but in expected to show you desperately his support, to let me know that I was on my side, finally said safe, "Well, sometimes my husband uses pink shirts."
And I had an opportunity at that time, as they have all of the big landscapes.
It might have been easy to indicate where they felt little long.
It's not very difficult to find it and realize the fact that they were engaging.
And what else can you ask for someone, but do you get to be able to get it?
If you're going to be authentic with somebody, you have to be prepared for how authentic you get.
It's like the hard conversations still continue to be my strong point.
Ask anyone I have come out.
But I'm getting better, and I follow what I like to call the three principles of the Gitestone of Pants.
Now, please look at this through gay perspective, but they understand that what it means out of any closet.
Number one: Be authentic.
Take the armor. Be yourself.
That girl in the coffee had no armor but I was ready for the battle.
If you want somebody to be naive, the others should know that we also suffer too.
Number two: Be direct -- just give it out. Radically take their patches out.
If you know you're gay, you get it.
If you say to your parents that maybe they might be gay, they'll keep the hope that that could change.
They don't give them a sense of fair.
And number three, and more important.  They leave the complex.
You communicate your truth.
You never apologize for that.
And some of them can come out of the safe wounded -- they apologize for what they've done, but they never apologize for what they are.
And yes, maybe some people will feel deconstructive, but it is something in them.
Those are the expectations of them about what you are, but not your own.
That's the story of them, but not from you.
The only story that matters is that you want to write.
So the next time you find in a dark dark running a grandma, you must know that we've all been there before.
And you may feel very alone, but they're not.
Thank you, Bobby. Enjoy the slide.
Interview, what is that?
If we look at the story of how intelligence is, a productive example has been the famous quote of Peter Disney that "The question of whether a machine can think is as interesting as the question of whether a submarine can swim.
When Percell Diand wrote this thing as a critical to the computer pioneers like Alan Turing.
And so, a few years ago, I started a program to try to understand the fundamental physical mechanisms of intelligence.
Let's go back a step.
First, let's start with a mental experiment.
Imagine that you're from an alien race, that you don't know anything about the biology of the Earth or the neuroscience of the Earth and the Earth's intelligence -- but they have incredible telescopes, and you can look at the Earth, and they have incredibly long lives, so you can see the Earth for millions, even billions of years.
And you see a very strange effect.
Of course, as terrorists, we know that the reason we are trying to save ourselves.
We're trying to avoid an impact.
But if you are a alien race that doesn't know anything about this, that you have no concept about the Earth's intelligence -- you would be forced to develop a physical theory that would explain how, until some point in time, the asteroids that are demonstrating the surface of a planet visually stop doing it.
And so I claim that this is the same question that understanding physical nature of intelligence.
So in this program that led to a number of years ago, I analyzed a variety of issues through science, through various disciplines that standing, I think, towards a single underlying mechanism of intelligence.
In cosmology -- for example, there has been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be finally adapted to the development of intelligence, and, in particular, for developing universal states that maximize diversity of future possible.
Finally, in robotic movement, there's been a variety of recent techniques that have tried to harness the skills of robots to maximize the future freedom of action in order to make complex tasks.
And so, by taking all these different issues and putting them together, I asked, for a number of years ago, there is an underlying mechanism for the intelligence that we can extract from all these different issues.
Is there just an equation for intelligence.
And I think the answer is yes. What you're seeing is probably the closest equivalent to one and a half for the intelligence I've ever seen.
So what you're seeing here is an affirmation that intelligence is a strength, F, that acts in order to maximize the future freedom of action.
It acts to maximize the future freedom of action or keep the options open, with a force T, with the diversity of possible future future, yes, even an impending future time, too.
In a few words, intelligence doesn't like to stay attached.
intelligence tries to maximize the future freedom of action and keep the options open.
And so, having this equation, it's natural to ask, "What can you do with this?
How productive is it?
It predicts the level of human intelligence.
Does artificial intelligence.
So I'm going to show you now a video that I think, showing some of the amazing applications of this simple equation.
Narrator: So recent research in cosmology have suggested that the universes that produce more disorder, or "Entropy," during their life should have trend to more favorable conditions for the existence of intelligent beings like us.
But what if that technical cosmological connection between entropy and intelligence is a deeper relationship.
What if intelligent behavior is not only correlated with the long-term entropy production, but actually comes directly from it?
To find out, we've developed a software engine called European, designed to maximize the long-term entropy production in any system in which it is inside.
Amazingly, entropy could pass multiple animal evidence test, play human games, and even make money by trading action, all of them without being sent to do that.
Here are some examples of Border in action.
Just like a human standing human, here we see Borden crossing automatically a pole using a car.
This behavior is remarkable in part because we never gave entropy a goal.
He just decided to balance the post.
This ability of balance will have applications for human robotics and human care.
This use of tools of tools will have applications in intelligent manufacturing and agriculture.
Also, just like some other animals can cooperate by throwing out of the opposite of a rope.
This capacity of cooperation has interesting consequences for economic planning and in a variety of other fields.
Environmental is widely applicable to a variety of domain.
For example, here we see it successfully playing a game game against itself, integrating their potential for play.
So here we see Education orchestras, new connections in a social network where friends are constantly disconnected and keep successful the Web well.
This network of network orchestra also has applications in health care, energy and intelligence.
Here we see European organizing the routes of a ship floating, discovering successfully and using Panama from Panama to expand the global level of the world to the Pacific.
In the same way, entropy is widely applicable to problems in autonomous defense and logistics and transportation.
Finally, here we see entropy spontaneously discover and execute a shopping strategy in a similar series of action negotiation -- successfully increasing assets under its expectation exponentially.
This risk of risk management will have broad applications in finance and safe.
Alex Witness. What you've seen is that a variety of brands of smart cognitive behaviors such as tools use tools, walking upright and social cooperation -- everyone derived from one equation, which leads to a system to maximize their future freedom of action.
Now, here's a deep irony here.
So let's go back at the beginning of the use of the robot, the workforce "Russian work, and there was always the concept that if we developed intelligent machines, there would be cyber rebellion, there would be cyber regions.
Machines would be lifted against us.
One of the greatest consequences of this work is that maybe all of these decades, we've had all the concept of cyber rebellion to investment.
It's not that machines first become smart and then mega-care and try to get rid of the world.
It's all the opposite, that the impulse of taking control of all possible future is a more fundamental principle than the intelligence, that general intelligence can actually come directly from taking control, rather than being backwards.
Another important consequence is the pursuit of target.
And I often ask me, how do you look for targets you get out of this kind of frame?
My equivalent to that statement to go to the descendants to help them build artificial intelligence or to help them understand human intelligence, it's the following: intelligence must be seen as a physical process that tries to maximize the future freedom of action and avoid restrictions in its own future.
Thank you very much.
We're at an inflection point in human history, something between the context of stars and losing the planet we call home."
Although, in the last few years, we've expanded a lot of our knowledge of how the Earth fits the Earth in the context of the universe.
The NASA Kepler mission has discovered thousands of possible planets orbiting around other stars, which points the Earth is only one between the billions of planets in our galaxy.
Kepler is a space telescope that measures the luminous intensity of stars when planets go ahead of them, and block a little bit of that light that comes to us.
The data collected by Kepler shows the sizes of planets besides the distance between them and their mother star.
In fact, this helps us understand whether these planets are small and recorded as the land planets of our solar system, and also the amount of light they receive from their sun.
Instead, this gives you clues about whether these planets that we find are habitable or not.
Unfortunately, while we're finding this testament of potentially livable worlds, our own planet is falling under the weight of humanity.
The year 2014, it was the most hot record.
Glaciers and sea ice who have been with us for a million now are disappearing in a matter of decades.
These environmental changes that we have caused on the global scale have rapidly overcome.
But I am not a climate scientist, no attack.
But I study the ability of the planet influenced by stars, with hope to find places in the universe where to discover life beyond our planet.
You could say that you look for alien opportunities in the immortal sector.
Now, as someone very interested in the search for life in the universe I can tell you that the more planets look to the Earth, more enjoy our own planet.
Each of these new worlds invite a comparison between the very discovered planet and the planets that we know better, our solar system.
Let's take our neighbor, Mars.
Mars is small and rocket and despite being a little bit further from the Sun, it can be considered a potentially livable world to show this by a mission like Kepler.
In fact, it's possible that Mars has been habitable in the past, and in part, that's why we study so much to Mars.
Our nurses like the Curiosity tracked their surface to look for clues on the origins of life as we know it.
The satellites that orbit -- like the Mayor of Martin mission, take samples of the Martian atmosphere, and try to understand how Mars has been able to lose their skill.
Private companies now offer not only short space flights but also the potential to live on Mars.
But even though all of these marine images remind us to the desert of our planet, places that are linked in our imagination with the indicated ideas and properties, compared to Earth, Mars is a pretty terrible place to live.
We take the extension of the desert areas of our planet that still still collected for collecting, really extra places compared to Mars.
Even in the smallest and more elevated places of Earth is fresh and fish of oxygen removed by our tropical forests to thousands of miles away.
I worry that this excitement by the colonization of Mars and other land planets with a big shadow and sad shadow, the implications and the belief of some that Mars will expect there to save us from this infinite architecture of the only planet that we know is really habitable the Earth.
For a lot that I like interview exploration, I'm deep disagreement with this idea.
There are a lot of good reasons to go to Mars, but to say that Mars will be there to save humanity is how to imagine that the captain of the Titanic will tell us that the capital of the truth will tell us that the party of the truth will have a place later in the wild.   Thank you.
But the targets for international exploration and land preservation are not controlled.
No, they're actually faces of the same movement, the goal of understanding and preserving and improving life in the future.
The extreme environments present in our world lights as alien panels.
They're just closer to home.
If we can understand how to create and maintain habitable spaces, in the hostile and insulin areas of the land, maybe we can satisfy the need to preserve our environment and go beyond that.
I leave you with a mental experiment, the Park paradox.
A lot of years ago, the African physicist Fermed asked the question that our universe has existed for a long time, and we hope that there were many planets in this universe, we should have found evidence from the existence of alien life so far.
Well, where are they?
Well, a possible solution to the paradox of Fermi is that when civilizations become advanced enough to consider to continue to live between stars, they lose the notion of how important the planets is to protect the origin of planets that drive this development.
It's arrogant to think that only interplanetary colonization, will save us from ourselves, but planetary preservation and international exploration can work together.
If we really believe in our ability to support the hostile environments of Mars for the human presence, then we should be able to overcome the even easier task to preserve the ability on Earth.
Thank you.
A few years ago, my own house.
And while I was in the front porch looking at my pockets, I realized I didn't have the keys.
In fact, I could see the window that were at the dining table, where I had left them.
So quickly I tried to open all the other doors and windows and all of them were pretty close.
I thought I would call a cherify, at least I had my cell phone, but in the midnight, a crowd could take a long time to get there, and I cold it.
I couldn't go home from my friend of Jeff to spend night because I had a flight early to Europe at the next morning, and I was aware of my passport.
It would be expensive, but I sure not more expensive than a middle of a network in the middle of it, so I thought, despite the circumstances, it was a good stop.
I'm a professor, and I know a little bit about how the brain works under stress.
Cope liberation that increases heart rate, model levels of adrenaline and nuclear the thought.
And when I got to the strand of the specialization in the airport, I realized I didn't have my passport.
Well, I had a lot of time to think about those eight hours without sleep.
And I started wondering, if there was something that I could do, systems that could put in his place, which prevent that bad things happen.
Or at least, if bad things happen, which minimize the probability of being a total catastrophe.
So I started thinking about that, but until a month later my thoughts didn't create.
I was dinner with my colleague Danny Katine, who was won from the Nobel Prize, and a little embarrassed told him that I broke the window, and that I had forgotten my passport, and Danny shared me that I had been practicing something called prostitution respect.
It's something he had learned from the psychologist Gary Klein, who had written from this a few years before, known as the primary.
Everybody knows what the prosthetic is.
Every time there's a disaster, a team of experts comes and tries to figure out what came wrong, right?
In the principle, as Danny explains Danny, you look forward and try to figure out all the things that you could go wrong, and you try to figure out what can do to prevent things to happen or to minimize the damage.
So what I want to talk about with you is some things that we can do in the form of a primary.
Some of them are evident, others are not so obvious.
I'm going to start with the obvious.
In the house, you will spend a place for things that are easily lost.
This sounds like common sense and it is, but there's a lot of science that supports this thesis -- based on how our space memory works.
There is a structure in the brain called hypothetical, which has evolved over thousands of years, to make a tracking of the location of important things, where the good is, where the fish are, which is the fish that are living with friends and enemies live.
The hippocampus is the part of the brain that is broken in the London Saturns.
It's the part of the brain that allows them to find their news.
And if you ask whether somebody really did the experiment, they cut the climate sense of the grades and yet they could find their nuts.
They didn't use the smell, but the hippocampus, that very evolved mechanism of the brain to find things.
But it's really good for things that don't move much, not so good for things that move a lot.
This is the reason for losing the car, reading glasses and passports.
So at home you have a place for the keys, a hook next to the door, maybe a decorative dish.
For your passport, a particular chip.
For your reading glasses, a particular goal.
If you get a place and you are collaborative with it, your things will always be there when you look for them.
What about travels?
They take the cell phone a picture of their credit cards, driver's license, passenger, send them by mail to themselves so they're in the cloud.
If these things are lost or steal them, this can facilitate sustainability.
These are some of the most obvious things.
Remember, when you're under stress, the brain releases curiosity.
The curtain is toxic and interactive to thought.
So part of the preliminary practice is to recognize that under stress we're not going to be at the best time, and you have to put the systems on your site.
And there is perhaps not more stressful.
And at some point, we will all be in that situation, to have to make a very important decision about the future of our medical care or a loved self, to help them with a decision.
And so I want to talk about that.
And to talk about a very particular medical condition.
But this is set up as a prototype for everything to make medical decisions, and in fact for the decision of financial decisions and social decisions, any kind of decision you have to take from which you benefit a rational assessment of facts.
So suppose they go to the doctor and the doctor says, "I've received the result of the lab and the cholesterol is a little high."
Everybody knows that the high cholesterol is associated with a greater risk of cardiovascular disease, attack to the heart, shows the brain.
So you're thinking that having the high cholesterol is not the best, then the doctor says, "I'd like to give you a drug that will help you reduce the collaborator, a station."
And maybe you have heard about the statues, and you know that it's one of the most respected drugs in the world today. It's probably likely to know people who take them.
So you think, "Yes, I get the state."
But there's a question that you should do then, a statistic that you should ask where most doctors don't want to talk about, and the pharmaceutical companies even less.
It's for NGO, the number need to treat.
And what is this, NASA?
It's the number of people who have to take a drug or join a surgery in any medical procedure before you help a person.
And you should think about what kind of defense statistics is that?
The number must be one.
My doctor would not record me if it wasn't to help me.
But actually, medical practice doesn't work like this.
And it's not about the doctor, and if it's guilty of someone, it's from scientists like me.
We haven't understood the underlying mechanisms.
But the University of Global developments that 90 percent of drugs work only about 30 to 50 percent of the people.
So the number I need to treat the most widely recipe stage, what do you think it is?
How many people have to take it before they help a person?
300.
This is according to the research of cynical researchers Bergen Grover and Pamela Harvard, confirmed independently by Beomoup.
I explore numbers.
300 people have to take the drug for a year before we avoid one year before they avoid a single heart attack, it will spill brain or another adverse event.
Now maybe you think, "Well, one chance in 300 to drop my cholesterol down.
Why not? Doctor? Give me the recipe anyway.
But then you have to ask for a more statistics, and it is, "Tell me about the secondary effects, right?
For this particular drug, the side effects are produced in five percent of patients.
And those include terrible things: debuted muscle pain and artificial pain pain pain -- but now you think, "Fifty percent is not very likely to happen to me, still take the medicine."
But a moment.
Remember that under stress they don't think of clarity.
So think about how they look at this over time, so they don't have to make the chain of reasoning in the act.
300 people take the drug, right? A person has helped him, five percent of the 300 have side effects, that's 15 people.
You have 15 times more likely to come out by the drug that you help your medicine.
I don't say they should or not take the status.
I just say you have to have this conversation with your doctor.
The medical ethic requires it, it's part of the informed consent principle.
We have access to access to this kind of information to start the conversation about whether you want to take the risks or not.
You may be thinking that I've launched this number in the air by the value of the crash, but actually this number needs to deal with is quite typical.
For the surgery that is more done in the older men of 50, extracting for cancer prostate -- the number need to be about 49 percent.
So it is, 49 surgeries for a person that has helped us.
And the side effects in that case, they produce in 50 percent of patients.
Those include the importance or defense distribution, urinary incentives, straight information, fecal influence.
And if you get lucky, and it's one of that 50 percent, the effects will only take a year or two.
So the idea of the print is to think before time the questions that you can do that will drive the conversation forward.
You don't have to do all of this in the act.
And they also want to think about quality of life.
Because you have an option many times, you want a shorter life of pain, or a longer life that could have a lot of pain towards the end?
These are the things that they talk about and think about now, with their family and their loved ones.
They can change the heat of the moment, but unless you're trained in this kind of thinking.
Remember, our brain releases under stress, and one of the things that happens at that moment is that they turn a lot of systems.
There's an evolutionary reason for this.
Face to face with a predator -- you don't need the digestive system, or the library or immune system, because if your body is spending metabolism in those things, it doesn't react with rapid reporting, so none of that matters.
Unfortunately, one of the things that goes through the window during those moments of stress is the rational logic thought, like Danny Katinean and his colleagues have shown.
So we have to train ourselves to think about the future to these kinds of situations.
I think the important thing here is to recognize that we're all defense.
We're all going to fail every once at the time.
The idea is to think of the future how they might be those failure, to put the systems in the place that will help him minimize the damage, or to prevent the bad things to happen in the first place.
Release the night in Monterey, when I came back from my journey, my contractor installed me in a combination of combination alongside the door, with a keys of entry door in the same way to remember it.
And I have to admit that I still have lots of cards that I haven't ordered and lots of mail messages I haven't read.
So I'm not very organized -- but I see the organization as a gradual process, and I'm doing it.
Thank you very much.
Interpreter: Pink, "Picture is my favorite musical symbol.
It means playing superintelling.
If you're playing a musical instrument, and you see a pain in the particular, you need to touch more superpower.
Two "Points, even more soft.
Four "Point, extremely soft.
This is my drawing from a tree of "Point, there you see that it doesn't matter how many thousands and thousands of me may have never come to a complete silence.
That's my current definition of silence, a very dark sound.
I'd like to share a little bit about the story of the American system system, the ADHD, besides a little bit of my own story.
The language of French signs came during the 1800s, and over time, it mixed with local signs, and the language is developed that we know today as ALS.
So it has a story about 200 years.
I was born deaf, and they taught me to believe that sound wasn't a part of my life.
And I thought it was true.
However, I realize that it's not true for anything.
Sound are a very important part of my life, they're really in my mind every day.
As a deaf person who lives in a world of sound, it's like me living in a foreign country, following their rules, superconductors, behaviors and norms without questioning them.
So how do I understand sound.
Well, I see how people behave and respond to sound.
People are like my algorithms and amazing sound.
I can learn and copy that behavior.
At the same time, I've learned that I can create sound, and I've seen how people respond to it.
So I learned, for example.
"Don't have the pigeon the door."
"Don't make a lot of noise when you eat the bag of friendship posters."
"You don't emerge, and when you're eating you, make sure you don't throw the covers in the plate."
This is all called sound student."
Maybe I think of the sound tag more than the average person does.
I'm super survey of sound.
And I'm always waiting for the sound of the sound, about which it's about to come next.
From there, this drawing.
TBP: I want to decide to decide to decide to tell.
TBIR, to continue.
TBP: To announce it.
You can see that the painting has no notes on the lines.
That's because the lines already contain sounds through subtle borders and ships.
In the deaf, the movement is equivalent to sound.
This is the sign for prosthetic at the ADH.
A typical picture has five lines.
However, for me, do it with my thumb that doesn't feel natural.
That's why I only have four lines on the paper.
In 2008, I had the opportunity to travel to Berlin, Germany, for an artistic resonance there.
Before this time, I had worked as a painting.
During this summer, I visited museums and spaces of different galleries and as I went from one place to another, I realized that there was no visual art there.
At that time, the sound was the trend and that was called the attention.
There was no visual art, everything was hearing.
Now sound has entered my art land.
Is it going to distance me more than art?
I realized it doesn't have to be like that.
In fact, I know sound.
I know it so well that it doesn't just experience through the ears.
I can feel it in a tactile way, or experience it visually, or even as an idea.
So I decided to reclaim the ownership of sound and integrate it in my artistic practice.
And all I had taught me in terms of sound, I decided to leave it and get it.
I started to create a new body body.
And when I presented it to the artistic community, I was struck with the amount of support and attention that I got.
I realized that sound is like money, power, control, social currency.
At the bottom of my mind, I always felt that sound was oblivious -- it was something of a heart person.
And sound is so powerful that it could be deployed to me and my artistic work, or I could be able to make.
I chose that I would be powered.
There's a massive culture around the spoken language.
And just because I don't use my literal voice to communicate, to the eyes of society is as if I didn't have a voice at all.
So I have to work with people who can support me from equal and become my voice.
So I am able to be relevant in today's society.
So in school, at work and institutions, I work with many different performers of AIDS.
And his voice becomes my voice and identity.
They help me be heard.
And their voices have value and weight.
Ironically, when you ask your voices, I am able to keep a temporary way of value something like taking a loan with a very high interest rate.
If it wasn't going to continue with this practice, I feel that I could get rid of the forgotten and not have any kind of social value.
So with sound like my new artistic medium, depth in the world of music.
And I was surprised by seeing the similarities between music and AIDS.
For example, a musical note can't be captured and expressing in the paper.
And the same thing can tell you about a concept in ALS.
The two are very space and highly model that means subtle changes can affect all the meaning as much as the sounds as well.
I'd like to share with you a metaphor of the piano, so you understand better how the U.S. works.
So, imagine a piano.
ALS is divided in many different geometric parameters.
If you assign a different parameters for every finger while you touch the piano, like facial expression, the body movement, the speed of the body, the speed, the shape of your hand, the English is a linear language, as you put only one stick at a time.
However, the ALS is more like an accelerator, you need the 10 fingers in a similar way to express a clear concept or an idea in Afghanistan.
If you just change the charge, it would create a completely different meaning.
Same thing happens with music in terms of tone and flower and volume.
In ALS, using these different geometric parameters can be expressed different ideas.
For example, the fish for it."
This is the "Fish signal in that."
I'm looking at you.
Look at it.
Oh, they caught me.
You heard it.
What are you looking at?
Ah, almost."
So I started thinking, and if I look at AIDS through the lens of music?
If I had to create a sign and repeat it over and over again, it could be like a piece of visual music.
For example, this is the day sign, the sun comes out and it gets put out.
This is "All day."
If I repeat it and reduce speed, visually it looks like a piece of music.
All day.
I feel that the same thing can be said from all night.
"All night.
This is all night, in this drawing.
And this led me to think about about three different kinds of nights -- "Now, "Ahas at night --  All night.
I feel that the third has more music than the other two.
This represents how time is expressed in AIDS and how the distance to the body can express changes over time.
For example, one hero. It's a hand, two heroics -- it's two hands, the present gets closer and in front of the body, the future is in front of the body, and the past is in the back.
So the first example is a long time ago.
Then I said, "Passenger." And the last one, which is my favorite, with a very romantic and dramatic idea at once, there was one time."
"Common "moment," it's a musical term with a specific rate of four times per company.
But when I look at the word "Internet, I think automatically at the same time.
Look at MIT: right hand. MS: left hand.
We have the display through the head and the chest.
(Carrill, MIT, "Fingler "Common Everest." (Music, "Mary Cambridge, I'm going to show you a shape of the hand called "Flag Flag."
Can you do it with me?
All of your hands in high hands.
We're now going to do it as much in the head like the chest, something like the common time."
Yeah, very good.
That means "temperature in the international system.
The international system, as a note is a visual tool to help communicate in all cultures and signs of signs around the world.
The second one I would like to show you is this: Please do it again.
And now this.
It means colony at the ADHD.
Now, the third one. Please tell me again.
And again.
It's "Light at the AIDS.
We're going to do the three together.
"In "for "the "sent," colony," and "interest."
Good job.
Look at how the three signs are very similar. They all occur in the head and the chest. But they transmit very different meaning.
It's amazing to see how the ALS is alive and pressure, just like music.
However, today, we live in a very autonomous world.
And only because the ADHD has no sound, automatically no social value.
We need to start to question what the social value is defined and allowing the ALS to develop their own value, without sound.
And this could be a step to make a more inclusive society.
And maybe people will understand that you don't have to be deaf to learn ALS.
The ADHD is a red rich, and I'd like you to have the same experience.
I'd like to invite you to open your ears, open your eyes, to participate in our culture and experience from our visual language.
And you never know, you can even fall in love with us.
Thank you.
Dennis Kailing: Hey, that's me.
As a child, my parents said, "You can get it all up, but then you have to clean it up.
freedom involves responsibility.
But my imagination led me to all these wonderful places, where everything was possible.
So I grew up in an innocent bubble or an ignorance bubble I should say, because adults lied us to protect us from the horrible truth.
As I get older, I learned that adults are also dirty, and they're not really good to clean each other.
The time happened now I'm an adult and I teach a citizen and invention at the Harvard Kong.
You don't have to wait for a lot for my students to walk down the beach with lots of trash as well.
So as good citizens, we cleaned the beach, and no, it's not drinking alcohol, and if it is, I didn't give it.
It's sad to say, but over 80 percent of the oceans contain plastic.
It's something spiritual.
And in the last few decades, we've been coming out with these big boats and networks, to collect those plastic bits to study them under the microscope, and we classify them and we collect this information on a map.
But it lasts an eternity and it's very expensive and it's also very risky.
So along with my students, with ages of six to 15 years old, we are going to invent a better way.
We've transformed our tiny classroom in Hong Kong in a workshop.
We started building this work of work with highly additional kids so that the kids can also participate.
And I'm going to tell you, kids who manipulate electrical tools are cool and safe.
Not exactly.
Let's go back to the plastic.
We collect the plastic and reduce it to the size that we found it in the ocean, which is very small, because of its fragmentation.
That's what we do.
I leave it to the imagination of my students.
My work is to try to take the best ideas of each child and try to combine them in something that we expect it to work.
We decided instead of collecting plastic bits, we just collect information.
By using a robot, we take a picture of this plastic -- kids are very excited about robots.
Then we quickly create what we call a prototype."
We are so fast in the creation of prototypes we end before lunch.
And we transform landscapes and web cameras, and we assemble it into a floating robot that will move slowly through the water and the plastic we have there, and this is the image captured by the robot.
We see the plastic pieces floating slowly through the sensor while the onboard computer process this image and measure the size of each particle to get an accurate estimate of the amount of plastic in the water.
We document this invention step into a website for inventors called "Britain," with the hope that someone else even else.
The great thing about this project is that students saw a local problem, and they are trying to fix it immediately.
I can investigate my local problem, but my students in Hong Kong are very well informed kids.
You see the news, they take the Internet, and they hit this image.
A child, maybe less than 10 years, cleaning a oil spill -- just using the hands, in Southern, the largest standard mangrove in the world in Bangladesh.
They were very surprised because this is the water that drink -- it's the water in which you bathe -- the water where you fish the place where you live.
You can also see that the water is brown breasts, the mud and oil is also brown color and when everything is mixed up, it's very hard to see what is in the water.
But there's a simple technology called a spectacular, which allows you to see what's in the water.
We built a first prototype of a spectrum that can be stripped through all kinds of substances that produce different species, which can help identify what's in the water.
We outfitted this prototype with a sensor and we sent it to Bangladesh.
The cool thing about this project is that beyond solving a local problem, or analyzing a local problem, my students used their empathy and their sense of creativity to help other children.
I can investigate a problem at a distance, I was forced to make a second experiment, and I wanted to go a little bit further, maybe I'll tackle a harder problem, and also closer to me.
I'm half Japanese and half French and maybe remember, that in 2011, there was a devastating earthquake in Japan.
It was so violent that there were several giant waves, called tsunami, and those tsunami, destroyed several cities on the east coast of Japan.
More than 14,000 people died in a second.
It also gives the nuclear power plant, a nuclear center near the water.
And today, according to the reports an average of 300 tons are still leaking out of the nuclear plant in the Pacific Ocean.
Today, the whole Pacific Ocean has a pollution.
If we go to the west coast, we can measure Fuddy radiation everywhere.
But if you look at the map, it seems that most of the radiation disappeared from the Japanese coast, and most of the time, it looks safe -- it's blue.
Well, reality is a little bit more complicated than that.
I've gone back to Fulfish every year from the accident and researching independently with other scientists, the land, the river, and this time we wanted to take children.
Of course we didn't take them, the parents didn't allow it.
But every night we report the control center, here you see the use of different machines.
I could seem that they didn't take the work seriously, but they did it because they are going to have to live with the capitalism all their life.
Together with them we discussed the data that day and we talked about what we were going to do after the strategies, the interior, etc.
And to do this, we created a rudimentary map of the region around the nuclear power plant.
We created the elevation map, we introduced fish to represent data in real time of the radiology, and we sprinkle water to simulate rain.
And with this we could notice that the radioactive dust was filtered from the top of the mountain to the river system and it would lead in the ocean.
It was a specific estimate.
But based on this we organized a civil expedition, the closest to the nuclear central to the date.
We got closer to five miles of the nuclear center, and with the help of fish fish we were collecting season from the sea milk with a tracking tracking as we invented and built.
Here we see a progress. We've gone from a local problem to a remote problem, to a global problem.
And it's been very exciting to work on these different scales, also with open source technologies and very simple.
But at the same time, it's been increasingly frustrating because we've only been starting to measure the damage we've done.
We haven't even started trying to solve the problems.
I wonder if we should give the leap and try to invent better ways to do all these things.
So the classroom became so much a little bit so small, we found an industrial installation in Hong Kong and we become the largest space dedicated to social and environmental impact.
It's at the center of Hong Kong and it's a place where we can work with wood, metal, chemistry, a little bit of biology, of optical -- basically you can build almost all of there.
It's also a place where adults and children can play together.
It's a place where children can become reality with adults, and where adults can be children again.
Students: Applause. Apple."
Charling Harvard: We asked things like, can we invent the future of mobility with renewable energy?
For example.
Or can we help the movement of the advanced age population transforming their solar wheelchair in new electrical vehicles.
The plastic and oil and capitalism are terrible, but the worst legacy we can leave our children are the lies.
We can't afford to protect the kids of the horrible truth because we need their imagination to invent the solutions.
So scientists, creative, strategies, we have to prepare the next generation to care about the environment and people, and so that it can actually do something about it.
Thank you.
Two twin domes, two radically opposite design cultures.
One is made out of thousands of pieces of steel, the other one of one thread of silk.
One of them is synthetic -- the other organism.
One of you is about the environment, the other one believed it.
One is designed by nature, the other one.
Miguel an angel said that when he looked at the music in Brazil, he saw a figure that struggles for being free.
The film was only tool of Miguel Angel.
But living beings are not central.
They grow.
And in the smallest units of life, cells, we take all the information by every cell to work and to replicate it.
The tools also have consequences.
At least from the Industrial Revolution, the world of design has been dominated by regions of manufacturing and production.
Month lines have dictated a world made of parts, by leveraging the imagination of trained architects and trained architects to think of their objects as a statement of different parts with different functions.
But you don't find human material statements in nature.
Think of the human skin, for example.
Our facial skin are thin displays with dishessages distributed.
The skin skin are more thick with little pores with little pores in the back.
You act mainly as a filter, the other mainly as a barrier, and yet, it's the same skin. There are no parts, no parts.
It's a system that makes its functionality through the variation of electricity.
Here's a split screen that represents my view of the divided world, the double personality of every designer and architect by working on the film and the gene, between machine and organism, between the manufacturing and growth, between Henry Ford and Charles Darwin.
These two visions in the world, my left hemisphere and the right, analysis and synthesis are shown in the two screens after me.
My work, in his simplest level, tries to bring these two visions in the world, getting out of the assembly and rising the growth.
They probably ask, why now?
Why couldn't it be possible about 10 or even five years?
We live in a very special moment in history, a rare moment, where they connect four disciplines that offers access to the tools that we had never had access to before.
And in the intersection of these four fields, my team and I created.
Please know the minds and the hands of my students.
We design objects, products, structures and tools through scales -- of large-scale scale, like this robotic arm with a 24-hour scope with a very short amount of diameter with a virtual basis that some day not very far not far away to print whole buildings -- and graphics to nanoscale made from genetically engineered microbial microbials.
Here we have reinvented the cheese, an archetype of the ancient Arab architecture, and has created a screen where every aperture is a unique size to model the shape of light and heat through it.
In our next project, we explored the possibility of creating a layer and a skirt -- this was for a fashion post-color from Paris with Iranian van Hero -- it's like a second skin made from one piece, recording in the contrasts, flexible around the waist.
Together with 3D printing collaborator, we print this layer and fake 3D without contacts between cells. I'll show you more objects like that.
This helmet combines rigid materials and soft materials in the 20 microns resolution.
This is the resolution of a human hair.
It's also the resolution of a CD scanner.
That designers have access to this high resolution analytical and synthetic instruments, allow us to design products that are adapting not only the shape of our bodies, but also the physiological structure of our tissues.
We've also designed an acoustic chair, a chair at the same time, comfortable and also absorb sound.
The Professor Carter market, my collaborator came back to nature to inspire us, and by designing this irregular surface, it becomes sophisticated.
We started this surface of 44 different properties, which vary in regional, opportunity and color, correspond to the pressure points in the human body.
Their surface, as in nature, varies its functionality not by the addition of another material or another transformation, but by turning continuously and definitely the material property.
But is it the ideal nature.
Are there no parts in nature?
I didn't raised in a religious Jewish home, but when I was young, my grandmother told me stories of the Hebrew Bible, and one of them came to me and came to define a lot of what I care about.
Like she happens, "In the third day of the creation, God sent the Earth to grow a fresh fruit tree.
For that first fruit tree, there was no difference between transport, branches and leaves and fruit.
All the tree was a fruit.
Instead, the earth made it growing trees with branches and cortex, streets and flowers.
The Earth created a world made of parts.
I often ask myself, "What would be design if objects were made from one piece of piece?
Will we go back to a better state of creation.
So we look for the biblical material, the kind of fruit of the fruit tree material with fruit and we found it.
The second most abundant biodiversity on the planet is called the computer, and about 100 million tons are produced every year by organisms like shrimp, crab and corrections and butterflies and butterflies, and butterflies and husbands.
We thought that if we could tune their property, we could generate musical structures in a single piece.
So that's what we did.
We call it a legal marketing.  We asked a bunch of charges of shrimp, we move them and we produced the balloon passage.
Looking at chemical concentrations -- we've been able to achieve a wide range of property, from dark, hard and opaque, to light, soft and transparent.
To print the large-scale structures, it was built by a system with multiple balls of extracting robotic controlled extraction.
The robot could vary the properties of the material on the march and create these structures made from a single material -- three meters long, 100 percent.
When the pieces are ready, they let them dry to find a natural way to the air contact with air.
So why do we continue to design with plastic?
The air bubbles that were a supermarket of the printing process were used to contain physical microorganisms, which appeared for the first time on the planet about 3.5 billion years ago, as we heard yesterday.
Together with our collaborators in Harvard and MIT, we had the bacteria designed genetically to capture rapidly carbon from the atmosphere and turn it into sugar.
For the first time, we've been able to generate structures that make their transition without problems of victim to mesh -- and if you expand even more, to windows.
A free fruit tree.
Working with an ancient material, one of the first forms of life on the planet, with abundant water and a little synthetic biology, we've transformed a structure made of shrimp charts in an architecture that behaves like a tree.
And here's the best part: for objects designed to be biomass, put in the sea, will feed the marine life, and put on the ground, help grow a tree.
The supply for our next exploration using the same design principles was the solar system.
We look for the possibility of creating clothes to keep life for international travel.
To do that, we need to dominate bacteria and control their flow.
Just like the periodic board, we did our own table of elements -- new forms of life created computers, made independently and augmented in biological form.
I like to think of synthetic biology like liquid joy, only instead of providing precious metals -- they synthesize new biological functionality within very small channels.
This field is called microscope.
We print our own 3D channels to control the flow of these liquid bacterial crops.
In our first piece of clothing they combine two microscopes.
The first is the civilia.
It lives in our oceans and the fresh water sentences.
And the second, E. shine, the bacteria that inhabit in the human intestine.
One convert light into sugar, the other one consumes sugar and produces useful biofuels.
But these two microorganisms, they don't interact in nature.
In fact, they never met.
They're here, designed for the first time, to have a relationship on a piece of clothes.
Think of it as evolution, not natural selection, but design evolution.
To keep these relationships, we've created a single channel that resembles the digestive tract that will help to flow these bacteria and alter their function of path.
So we began to grow those channels in the human body, by looking at the properties of material according to the desired functionality.
If we wanted more photographers, we designed more transparent channels.
This particular dense system, when it would stretch from one end to another, it was about 60 meters.
This is half the length of a football field, and 10 times more than our faired intestine.
And here it is, as a prisoner at TED, our first portable photographer, bright liquid channels with life inside the clothing.
Thank you.
Mary Skycar said, "We are creative creatures, only half is done."
What if design would provide the other half.
What if we could create structures that are increasing living matter.
What if we could create personal microbes that scan our skin, repair the damaged tissue and build our bodies.
Think of this as a way of editing biology.
I call this material ecology.
For that, you always have to go back to nature.
Now, you know that a 3D printer printed material in layers.
You also know that nature doesn't do that.
It grows. It adds with sustainability.
This worm capture -- for example, creates a highly sophisticated architecture, a home inside which it is metabolized.
The donor manufacturing is about this level of sustainability.
It does it by combination not from two materials -- it's about two proteins in different concentrations here.
An act as a structure, the other is the glue or the matrix, putting those fibers together.
And this happens through scales.
The silk worm first is shown in the environment, creates a tension structure, and then it starts beating a company of compression.
tension and compassion, the two forces of life, are manifest in a single material.
In order to understand how this complex process works, we put a small magnet to the head of a silk worm to the helium.
We put it inside a box with magnetic sensors, and that allowed us to create this cloud of points in three dimensions and visualize the complex architecture of the silk worm.
However, by putting silk worm on a flat patch -- not within a box, we realized that he ice a flat capture and still metal managed.
So we started designing different environments -- different scaffolding animals, and we've discovered that the form, the composition, the structure of the chapter, is directly transmitted by the environment.
Often the silk worms are seed to death inside their chapters, their silk gets rid and used in the textile industry.
We saw that designing these plants, we could shape the raw silk without having a single caper.
They would be made as honestly, and we could create these things.
So we scale this process up to the architectural scale.
We had a helicopter robot making silk plants, and we put ourselves on our site.
We knew that silk worms migrated into more dark and cold areas, so we used a solar route diagram to reveal the distribution of light and heat in our structure.
So we create holes or openness, to block the rays of light and heat and distribute silk worms on the structure.
We were prepared to get the corruptions.
We asked 6,000 silk worms to an online silk farm.
And after they feed them four weeks, they were prepared to helium with us.
We put them carefully on the lower edge of the scaffolding and the box and they criticized, they were completely, they put eggs, and life starts again, like us, but much, much more short.
Buckminster Fuller said that tension is the big integrity, and it was right.
The biological silk on the religious silk silk -- they give all this paper their integrity of it.
And in a little over two or three weeks, 6,000 weeks of silk drop 6,000 miles away.
In a curious symmetry -- this is also the length of the silk route.
Pollens, after the electron, produce 1.5 million eggs.
This could be used for 250 extra people in the future.
So here are the two visions of the world.
A silk silk through a robotic arm, the other one filled empty.
If the last frontier of design is to give life to the products and the buildings around us, to form an ecology of two materials, the designers have to join these two visions in the world.
Which brings us back, of course, at the beginning.
Here is a new era of design, a new era of creation, which led us from a design inspired in nature to a nature inspired in design, which demands from us, for the first time, that we get rid of nature.
Thank you.
Thank you very much. Thank you.
Raise your hand if you've ever asked them, "What do you want to be of greatest?"
If you had to remember what age you had when you first asked them for the first time?
You can show it with your fingers.
Three. Five. Three. Five. Five.
Now, raise your hand if the question "What do you want to be of greatest?"
It's caused some kind of anxiety.
Any anxiety.
I'm somebody who could never answer the question, "What do you want to be more of greatest?"
The problem wasn't that I didn't have any interest, but I had too much.
In school, I liked the English and the materials and art and developed websites, and also, I played the guitar.
Maybe you've heard about us.
And in general, I like to try and persist anyway.
But over time, this feeling of boring, this feeling of this is no longer a challenge, it comes to me.
And I have to leave it.
But then I'm interested in another thing, something completely different, and I dive into it, and I let me absorb and I feel "Yes." I have found the move," and then again this point where I start to bored.
And finally, I want to leave it.
But then I'd like to discover something new and different, and I'd like to get into that.
This pattern caused me a lot of anxiety, for two reasons.
The first was because I wasn't sure how it was going to become a career.
I thought I had to choose one thing, denied all of my other passions and restore to be bored.
Another reason I was so much anxiety was a little bit more personal.
I worried that there was something wrong with this, and something wrong with me for not to define at all.
I was worried about being afraid of engagement, or to be dispersed, or to communicate or my own success.
If you can relate my story and these feelings, I would like to ask you something that I would like to have done then.
They ask themselves, where they learned how to assign the meaning of bad or abnormal to do things.
I'll tell you where they learned it. They learned from culture.
We are asked first. What do you want to be of more?"
When we have about five years old.
And the truth is, nobody cares what you answer that age.
It's considered a naive question to provide cute answers in children like, "It's a "area "area," or "basically "basically," or "I want to be painted."
It was going to look at Hall display here.
So this question is just over and over again as we grow in various forms -- and hey, in high school students are asked to choose in college.
And at some point, "What do you want to be of greatest?"
It's going to be the cute exercise of before what sleep takes us.
Why?
While this question inspired children to dream with what they might be, it doesn't inspire to dream with everything that they might be.
In fact, it does just the opposite, because when somebody asks you what you want to be, you can't answer with 20 different things, even though you add good adults maybe you might laugh and say, "Oh, what cute, but you can't be article of violence and psychology.
You have to choose."
This is Dr. Bob Childs  and he is article of violence and psychological.
And this Amy Nong, a magazine editor of magazine converted into intellectual, entrepreneurs and creative director.
But most kids don't hear about people like this.
All you hear is that they're going to have to choose them.
But it's more than that.
The notion of central life is very idealized in our culture.
It's this idea of fate or the real voice, the idea that each one of us has something to be done for their time in this land, and you have to figure out what that thing is and dedicate your life to it.
But what if you're someone who isn't connected in this way?
What if there are lots of different issues who wake up their curiosity and many different things that you want to do?
There's no place for someone like one in that frame.
And so you can feel alone.
You can feel that it doesn't have a goal.
And feeling there's something wrong with one.
There's nothing wrong with you.
You're a molecularity.
A crowd is someone with many interests and creative activities.
It's a barrier like that.
It could help if it's divided in three parts.
You can also use other terms of other terms that connect the same idea, as a string, a research.
During the time of the Renaissance, the ideal was who was well seen in multiple disciplines.
Bart Shery refers to us as "English."
You use any term you like or invent your own.
It seems like a species of adapting to a community, we can't agree with one identity.
It's easy to see the molecular as a limitation or affection that you should win.
But what I've learned talking to people and writing about these ideas on my website, is that there are huge strengths when it's this way.
Here are three multi-to-day superheroes.
One: ideas.
That is, the combination of two or more fields and the creation of something new in the intersection.
Shery Homo and Rachel Bina expressed their shared interests in cartoon, and disease, travel, mathematics and design, by founding Mexico.
Messe is a company that creates the general inspiring jewelry.
Shei and Rachel came up with this unique idea for its measure of skills and experiences.
Innovation happens in intersections.
That's where new ideas.
And the multiple people, with all their presents, can access a lot of these points of intersection.
The second multi-touch superpower is fast learning.
When the crowds are interested in something, we go to it.
We look at everything we can have in our hands.
We're used to being principles, for having been many times in the past, and this means that we have less afraid to test new things and come out of our comfort areas.
A lot of skills are transformative to other disciplines, and we bring everything we've learned to every new area that we have, so we rarely start from zero.
North Doug is a full-time journey and independent writer.
As a pianist girl, a incredible capacity to develop muscle memory.
Now, she's the fastest known mechanism.
Before I become a writer, North was a financial platform.
He had to learn the most fine sales mechanics when he started their practices, and this ability helps him write compelling launch for editors to write the editors to the editors to do it.
It rarely is a waste of time to dedicate what you are attracted to, even if you finally abandon it.
It's possible to apply that knowledge in a completely different field, in a way that you could not have anticipated.
The third multi-touch superpower is adaptability. It's to say, the ability to transform into anything you need in a given situation.
Abrea Cars is sometimes a director of videos, other websites, and sometimes consumer from Kickstarter, sometimes teacher, and sometimes apparently, James Bongal.
It's valuable because it makes a good job.
He's even more valuable because it can take different roles -- depending on the needs of their clients.
The Fashion magazine defined adaptability as the most important skill for development, to thrive in the 21st century.
The economic world changes so rapidly and unpredictable that are the individuals and organizations that can be panded to satisfy the needs of the market, which will really thrive.
synthesis of ideas, quickly learning and adaptability, three skills where the crowds are very habitat, and three skills that could be lost if they're prepared to reduce their goals.
As a society, we have a big interest to foster the multiple people themselves.
We have complex problems, multi-to-day problems, and we need no conventional creative thinkers to address them.
Let's say they are, in your heart, specialists.
They came out of the wind knowing because they wanted to be pediatric neurosurgeons.
Don't worry, there's nothing wrong with you either.
In fact, some of the best teams are made from a specialists and a multiple proportion.
The specialists can dive deep and put in practice ideas, and the crowd offers an increase of knowledge to the project.
It's a beautiful relationship.
But we should all design lives and careers that are arranged with how we are connected.
And unfortunately, the multiple people largely join them to just be more like their specialized partners.
Once I said this, if there is one thing you take from this talk, I hope it's this: recognize with the inner call, whatever it is.
If you are a heart specialist, then, especially for all media.
That's where you will give the best of it.
But for the multiple people in the room, including those who just realized being one of them in the last 12 minutes,  I say, recognize with his many passion.
They follow their curiosity.
They explore the intersections.
And embracing our internal wiring is led to a more authentic and happy life.
And perhaps most important, multiple -- the world needs us.
Thank you.
In the year, a woman named August was taken to a psychiatric in Francisco.
He was affordable and couldn't remember even the most basic details of his life.
His doctor was called Alas.
Ali did not know how to help August, but he was raped by her until that unfortunately, he passed in 1960.
After his death, Ali did an automobile and found strange plates and objects in the British brain, a guy who had never seen before.
The most amazing thing.
If you heard that August had been alive today, we couldn't give her more aid than the people who gave him 112 years ago.
Alaska was Dr. Alaska Alzheimer's age.
And August Desire, the first patient to get a diagnosis that we now call Alzheimers disease.
Since 1940, medicine has advanced a lot.
They're discovered antibiotics and vaccines to protect us from infections -- many treatments for cancer, anti-portraits for HIV, statistics for the shoes and much more.
But it's just been progress in the treatment of Alzheimer's treatment.
I'm part of a team of scientists who work to find a cure for Alzheimer's for more than a decade.
So I think of this all the time.
Alzheimer's now affects 40 million around the world.
But in 2050, it will affect 150 million that, by the way, including many of you.
If you expect to live until 85 years or more, the possibility of hiring Alzheimer's will be almost one of the two.
In other words, there is the chance that they spend their golden years with Alzheimer's or helping take care of a friend or want to be loved with Alzheimer's.
Just in America, Alzheimer's care costs 200 billion dollars every year.
One of five dollars of medical assistance is spent in Alzheimers disease.
Today is the most expensive disease today, and its costs provide an increase from five times in 2050, as you get the generation of the baby boom.
It may surprise you, but Alzheimer's is one of the greatest medical and social challenges of our generation.
But it's made relatively little to combat it.
Today, one of the first 10 causes of death around the world, Alzheimer's is the only one that you can't prevent or cure or even relax your development.
We understand less about Alzheimer's than from other diseases, because we've invested less time and money in the research of the same.
The U.S. government spends 10 times more every year in cancer research than in Alzheimer's research despite the fact that the Alzheimer's and causes a similar number of deaths like cancer.
The lack of resources is due to a more fundamental cause, the lack of consciousness.
Because this is what few people know, but everybody should be -- the Alzheimer's is a disease, and we can cure it.
For most of the last 114 years, all of the scientists, they confuse Alzheimer's with aging.
We think it's going to be selective in a normal and inevitable part of aging.
But there's only a picture of a healthy brain in comparison with a patient of Alzheimer's to see the actual physical damage caused by this disease.
In addition to design a severe loss of memory and mental skills, the damage to the brain caused by Alzheimer's reduces significantly reducing life expectancy and it's always deadly.
Remember, Dr. Alzheimer's found strikes and old clips in the British brain a century ago.
For almost a century, we didn't know much about this.
Today we know that they're made out of protein molecules.
You can think of a protein molecule like a piece of paper that folds like an origami.
There are places on the paper that are appropriate.
And when it comes right, these sticky dots end up in the inside.
But sometimes things go wrong, and some sticky dots stay on the outside.
This makes the protein molecules stand with each other, forming groups that can form big plates and oblight.
That's what we see in the patient's brain with Alzheimer's brain.
We've spent the last 10 years at Cambridge University trying to understand how this distribution works.
There are a lot of steps, and the identify of what steps to block is complex, like declining a bomb.
Correct a wire could do anything.
And cutting others can make the bomb explode.
You have to find the right step that blocked it, and then create a drug that does it.
Until recently, in the most part, the wires have reduced and waiting for the best.
But now there's a diverse group of people, doctors, biologists, generations, chemistry, physicists, engineers and mathematics.
And together, we've managed to identify a critical step in the process. Now you're testing a new kind of drugs that blocked specifically this step to stop the disease.
I'll show you some of our latest results.
Nobody outside our lab has seen it yet.
Let's look at a few videos of what happened when we tested these drugs in worms of women.
These are the healthy worms and you can see that they move with normal.
These worms -- on the other hand, have protein molecules that are sitting inside of them, as in humans with Alzheimer's disease.
And you can see that they're clearly sick.
But by giving our new drugs to these worms on an early stage, then we see that they heal and live a normal life.
This is just a positive initial result, but research as this shows that Alzheimer's is a disease that we can understand and cure.
After 111 years of waiting -- there's real hope of what can be achieved in the next 10 or 20 years.
But in order to grow that hope, to versus Alzheimer's, we need help.
It's not about scientists like me, it's about you.
We need to convince you that Alzheimer's is a disease, and if we try it, we can see it.
In the case of other diseases, the patients and their families have been more research and exercise about governments, pharmaceutical industry, about scientists and legislations.
That was essential to move on HIV treatment in the late 1980s.
We see that same unit to beat cancer.
But Alzheimer's patients often can't talk for themselves.
And their families, hidden victims, caregivers of their loved day and night, are often too excited to come out and advocate for change.
So it really depends on you.
Alzheimer's isn't in most cases a genetic disease.
Everybody with a brain runs the risk.
Today, there are 40 million patients like August, who can't create the change they need to themselves.
They help talk about them, and they help make a cure.
Thank you.
I published this article in the New York Times column in January this year.
To fall in love with someone, I do this.
The article is about a psychological study, designed to create romantic love in the lab, and my own experience when I test it myself one night last summer.
So the procedure is pretty simple: two strangers are turning to make 36 questions increasingly personal questions, and then they both look at the eyes without talking for four minutes.
Here's a couple of questions of example.
Number 12, if you could wake up tomorrow with a quality or ability, what would it be?
Number 28, when was the last time you cry to another person?
How about it?
As you move forward, these are increasingly personal.
Number 30 -- I really like it. I just like to tell your partner what you would love with him or her, I know very sincere this time, and I gave things that you wouldn't say to someone you have ever known.
When I stumbled with this study a few years ago, a detail really called me the attention, the joke that two of the participants had spent six months later and invited all of the lab to the ceremony.
So it was skeptical about this process of making romantic love, but of course, I was also intrigued as well.
And when I had the chance to test this study, with somebody who knew not particularly very well, I didn't expect to fall down.
And so we looked at us, and  And I thought it was a good story, so I sent it to the column love Modern Modern a few months later.
That was published in January, and now it's agriculture, so I guess some of you probably ask yourself, continue to keep together there?
And the reason I think you question this is because you've done this question over and over again in the last seven months.
And this question is just what I want to talk about today.
But let's go back to the topic.
A week before the paper was published, the paper was very nervous.
I had been working on a romantic book over the last few years, so I had helped to write about my experience in romantic love in my blog.
But a blog entrance can come to a few hundred views like a lot, and those were usually just my friends from Facebook and imagine that my article in the New York Times will probably reach a few thousand views.
And that came up with a good load of attention in a relatively new relationship.
But as he said, I had no idea.
The article was posted on line a Friday at night, and the Saturday, this happened in the traffic of my blog.
And the Sunday was already called the Tomb Show and the Google Morgel America.
In a month, the article received over eight million visit, and I was, to say something, little prepared for this kind of attention.
One thing is to foster trust writing with awareness of loving experiences, but another thing is to discover that the loving life of one has been international news -- and that people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship.
And when people called or writing, what they did every day for weeks, they always did the same question: still follow together?
In fact, when I was preparing this talk, I did a quick search for my email with the phrase, "Are they still still together?"
And several messages appeared immediately.
They were students and journalists and coral strangers like this.
They interviewed me in radio and asked me.
I even gave a talk, and a woman shout up to the stage, "Hey, Man Man is your night?"
And I immediately got red.
I understand this is part of the treatment.
If you write about your relationship in an international journal, you should expect people to feel comfortable by asking about it.
But I wasn't prepared for the wingspan of the answer.
The 36 questions seemed to have covered life.
In fact, the New York Times published a complementary article for San Valentine, who included the experiences of the readers by testing the study in them with different degrees of success.
So, my first impulse to all this attention was to be very upset with my own relationship.
I said not to every request that we both did a public approach together.
I had a television interviews, and they represented the pictures of photos of us.
I think I was afraid of becoming the individual icon of the threat process -- a range for which I didn't feel at all signalized.
And I understand that people didn't want to know if the study worked, they wanted to know if it really works, or is, if it was able to produce a love love, not just an adventure, but real, love.
But this was a question I didn't feel about responding to me.
My relationship had just a few months ago, and I felt about everything that people were asking the wrong question.
How do we know if we were going to keep together or not, and do you tell it?
If the answer was not, would it do the experience of making these 36 questions less interesting?
Dr. Arthur Aron wrote first about these questions in this same study in 1997, and there, the goal of the researcher wasn't to produce romantic love.
Instead, I was looking for to foster interpersonal approach between college students, using what Aaron called sustained personal openness, progressive and record.
Sounds romantic -- right?
But the study does work.
The participants felt closest after doing it. Several studies later they also used the Aristotle Rapid protocol, as a quick way of creating trust and interaction between strangers.
They've used it between the members of police and community -- and they've used it between people of opposite political ideology.
The original version of history, which I tried last summer, which combined personal questions with four minutes of visual contact -- was quoted in this article but unfortunately never published.
A few months ago, I was giving a talk in a little university of liberal arts college, and then a student came up to me and said to me, "In slavery, I tried the study and didn't work.
He seemed to be disappeared by it.
And I said, "Do you want to say that you fell in love with the person who did it with?
Well, he made a pause of it.
I think she just wants us to be friends.
And I said, "But became better friends?
Did you feel that you would get better after testing the study.
The assistance.
So, it worked, I said.
However, I don't think that was the answer that he looked for.
In fact, I don't think it's the answer that none of you is looking for when it comes to love.
I got up with the study for the first time when I was 29, and I was going through a really difficult separation.
I had had that relationship since I was 20, what I was supposed to practically all my adult life, and he was my first real love, and I had no idea how or if I could live without him.
So I moved in science.
All I could find about the science of romantic love, and I hoped that that could sort of get out of the heart.
I don't know if I realized this at the moment I thought I just researched for the book that I wrote but in retrospect, it seems really obvious.
I thought that if I was armed with the knowledge of romantic love, I would never have to feel so bad and alone as I felt then.
And all this knowledge has been useful in one or another.
I'm more patient with love. I'm more relaxed.
I have more confidence to demand what I look for.
But I can also look at me more clearly, and I can realize that what I look for is sometimes more than they reasonably can tell me.
What I look for love is a guarantee -- not just being loved today and being loved tomorrow, but that I'm going to keep being loved by the person that I love.
It may be that this is the guarantee that people asked when they wanted to know if we were still together.
The story that the media said about the 36 questions is that there can be a shortcut to fall in.
There may be a way to somehow mitigate some of the implicit risk, and this is a very attractive story, because it makes us feel wonderful, but it's also frightening.
But I think when it comes to love, we're very willing to accept the short version of history.
The version of the story I ask, still follow together?
And his content with an answer from Yes or not.
So more than a question, I would argue that we ask you questions more difficult questions, like, "How do you decide who deserves your love and who doesn't?
How do you stay in love when things complex and how do you know when you cut and disappear?
How do you live with the uncertainty that inevitably leads a relationship, or even more, how do you live with the doubt of your park?
I don't necessarily know the answers to these questions, but I think they're a good start to have a more reflective conversation about what it means to love someone.
So if you want the brief version of the history of my relationship, it's this one: a year ago, and I applied a study designed to create romantic love, we fall in, we still keep together, and I'm very happy.
But it is not the same thing to stay in love.
Imagination is the easy part.
So at the end of my article wrote, "Love didn't happen.
We stay in love because we take the choice of being there.
And I'm a little bit of a little bit of reading it now, not because it's not true, but because at the time, I hadn't considered everything that was supposed to be that choice.
I don't consider how many times we would have both of them to make that decision, and how many times I will keep doing that choice without knowing before if he will always choose me or not.
I want it to be enough to have done and answer 36 questions, to have chosen to love somebody so generous and broken and fun and have expressed that choice in the largest daily day in the United States.
But what I've done instead is to turn my relationship in the kind of myth that I don't really think about.
And what I look for, and what I'm going to spend my life looking for is that the myth is true.
I want the happy happy in the title of my paper, which is, by the way, the only part of the article that I actually didn't write.
But what I have in change is a chance to choose to love someone, and the hope that he also love me, and it's terrifying but that's the deal with love.
Thank you.
I was raised by a few lesbian legs and in a way, I got a game of the forest.
I have a time at New York City.  Something that really affected me, but more details later.
I'll start with when I was eight years old.
I took a wooden box, and I buried a dollar bill and a pen and a fork in it somewhere in Colorado.
And I thought that some strange humans or some aliens would find this box about 500 years later and learn how our species exchange ideas, for example how we eat the space.
I had no idea.
Anyway, it has thanks because I'm here 30 years later, and I'm still doing boxes.
At a moment I was in Hawaii -- I like to go from exhibition and make surfing and all those weird things -- and I was doing a colleague for my mother.
And I took a dictionary and I gave him all the pages and I made a kind of square cell cells to the Agnes Martin style and the resident covered and a bee stuck back.
Well, my mother is afraid of bees and it's allergic to them, so I added more resistance in the canvas, thinking I could hide it.
Instead, the opposite happened: somehow it seemed to rise in size, as if you would look at the text with a magnifying line.
So what did I do? I built more boxes.
This time, I started adding electronic elements, frogs -- strands that I was going to find on the street, everything I could find, because I was looking for things all my life, trying to relate to them and tell stories about these objects.
So I started drawing around the objects, and I realized that God I can draw in space.
I can fly the training, draw the same thing that is done around a cave in the scene of crime.
And I took the objects and created my own tax of invented specimens.
First, bones that will be able to make an idea.
Then I made some strange insects and creatures.
It was very fun to draw in the resident layers.
And it was great, because I started riding exhibitions and those things, and I was earning some money, to take my girlfriend to dinner, for example, going to silence.
It was great, man.
At some point I'm interested in the human form, remote resident sculptures with drawings of human beings inside the layers.
It was great, except for one thing: I died.
I didn't know what to do, because the resistance was going to kill me.
And I went to bed every night thinking about it.
So I tried to use glass.
I started drawing on glass layers, similar to the drawing in a window -- then in another window and another window, and I had all these windows together that made a three-dimensional composition.
And this really works, and so I could stop using the resistance.
So I did this for years, and my work burning with something very big, I call "The "Tropical."
For the "Training Iraqis," I was inspired by a big measure in "The Grandma of December Rocket Chairers, which is a painting at the Museum of the Prosperon in Spain.
Do you know that?
Well, it's a fantastic picture.
They say it's a little bit ahead of their time.
Well, the traffic." I'll explain this piece.
It weighs 11,000 pounds.
1,500 feet long.
It has double face, so it's 10 meters of composition.
It's a little bit weird.
Well, that's the source of blood.
On the left, it's Jesus and the launches.
There's a cave where all of these creatures with animals travel between two worlds.
They go from the world of representation to this inflational mesh influence where they hide.
This is where the creatures with the head of animals are headed to the failure, ready to suicide in mass running in the ocean.
The ocean is comprised of thousands of elements.
This is a bird god tied to a content.
Billy Graham is in the sea. The Horron -- the Prolies of the Sea -- Walter, the Osama Bin Laden. There are all kinds of weird things that can find if they look very well in the ocean.
Anyway, also a kind of marketing.
It's coming out of the ocean, and I spit oil in one hand while the other hand is coming out clouds.
Their hands are like balloons and it looks like a mythological self that keeps Earth and the cosmos in balance.
So it's a aspect of the traffic."
It's a little bit of a narrative.
That's the hand where I speak.
And then, when you go on the other side, you have a transit, like a bird little bird, and you spit clouds from this transit.
It also has a $2.50 ton of a snake tail that unites the traffic."
Anyway, his tail is going to be a fire on a fly.
I don't know why it happened.
Things that happen, you know.
His tail ends up in a climber climber of climber cards made from 1986 terrorist cards.
Have you seen them?
They were done in the 1980s, as if they were baseball cards of terrorism.
Very ahead of his time.  This brings me to my last project.
I'm in the middle of two projects. One is called Photoshopping Photoshops."
It's about a six-year-old project to make 100 of these human beings.
Each one is a culture of our culture, through media and material are enterprise, dictionaries or magazines or magazine.
But each one acts as a kind of archive in a way of being human, and they travel in groups of 20, four or 12 at once.
They're like cells, they come together, they split.
And you can walk between them. It's taking me years.
Each one is basically a microscope opportunity that weighs 1,300 pounds with a human trapped inside their inside.
This has a little cave in the chest.
That's the head. It's the chest -- you can get the entrance in.
I'm going to take you through the rest of the body, there's a waterfall that comes out of the chest, and it covers the penis or whatever it is, or whatever it is, a kind of orange thing.
It's a quick repair of these works because I can't explain them for a long time.
We have layers, you can see.
This is a broken body in half.
This has two head, and it's communicating between the two.
There are some pills that come out and enter the head of this strange statue there.
There is a little forest scene inside the standard campaign.
Can you see it?
Anyway, this talk is about these boxes, just like the boxes we live in.
We're in a box, the solar system is a box.
This brings me to my last box.
It's a brick box. It's called Prince Words.
Within this box there is a physicist -- a neuroscience, a person, a musician, a writer, a radio, a school, an editorial arm that spread all the content we do in the world, and a garden.
We look at the box and all of the people in the chair with each other as particles.
And I think that's how we change the world.
When you redefine whoever and the box is living in.
And together we realize that we're all together on this, that this illusion that we're different, these concepts of countries, from the borders, of religion, doesn't work.
We're all very made of the same matter and the same box.
And if we don't start exchanging those things with sweetness and genetically we're all going to die very soon.
Thank you very much.
What do you do when you give your head?
They take an aspiration.
But so that this pill has an effect against pain, first of the stomach, the interest and other organs.
To take a pill is the most effective and industrial system so that any single drug medicine effect in the body.
The despair, however, is that when you get any drug out of it.
And this is a big problem, especially in patients with HIV.
When they take antiretroviral drugs, these serve to decrease the amount of viruses in the blood, and increase the country of Cell cells.
But they're also known by their adverse side effects, mostly negative -- because in the time they take to get to the blood stream, they diffuse and worse even for the time they take to reach their destiny, which is where it's more important, in the HIV warehouse.
These are regions of the body like the lymph gangs, the nervous system, the lungs, where the virus is innovation, and it doesn't easily enter the blood tower of patients that are held to regular therapy with antiretroviral drugs.
However, after treatment, the virus can wake up and infect new blood cells.
This is the great problem of HIV treatment with the current drugs that are a treatment of life advertised by the oral way.
One day, I sat and thought, "Could we make the treatment directly to the season of the virus, without the risk of democratic diagnostics?"
As a scientific expert in lasers -- the answer was in front of me, the lasers of course.
If they are used in an exciting, for the care care and surgery of diabetes, they can be used for anything imagined.
In fact, we're already using laser pulses to open or drill extremely small holes, that open and close almost immediately the cells infected with HIV to introduce drugs.
They ask yourself, "How is that possible?
We send a small little laser ray on the cellular membrane infected by HIV while these cells are embedded in a liquid that contains the drug.
The laser goes through the cell, while the cell absorbs the drug in a matter of microbes.
Before I even realize, the hole is reported immediately.
We're now testing this technology in vitro or Plate plates, but the goal is to take this technology into the human body, apply to the human body.
"What is that possible? You can ask.
Well, the answer is: through a device of three heads.
With the first head, which is our laser, we're going to make an incision in the site of infection.
The second head, which is a camera, is headed to the site of infection.
Finally, the third head, an injection that distributes the drug, releases it directly at the site of infection, while the laser is used again to keep the cells open.
Well, this doesn't seem a lot like this.
But one day, if it's successful, this technology can lead to the total eradication of HIV in the body.
Yes. A cure for HIV.
This is the dream of every HIV researcher in our case, a laser treatment.
Thank you.
In the last decade, I've studied non-linear armed groups, armed organizations like terrorists, interviews or military.
document what these groups do when they're not disappearing.
My goal is to understand these greenhouse agents of violence and study ways to encourage the transition of violent participation to nonviolent control.
I make field work, in the world of politics and in the library.
Understanding these groups is key to solve almost everything in course, because war has changed.
It used to be a slide between states.
Not anymore.
Now it's a conflict between states and non-governmental actors.
For example, from the 21st peace arrangements of peace between 1975 and 2011, 196 was signed between a state and a non-governmental actor.
So we need to understand these groups -- we even need to engage them or defeat them in any process of successful conflict.
But how do we do that?
We need to know what motivates these organizations.
We know very well the reasons they fight, how they do, but no one analyzes what they do when they don't fight.
The armed struggle and policies are not related.
It's all part of the same organization.
We can't understand these groups, not much less to defeat them, without global vision.
The armed groups today are complex organizations.
For example, the Liberian Liberia, known by his violent face against Israel.
From its creation in the 1980s, HIV has also established a political party -- a network of social services and a military device.
Similarly, the Hamants Palestinian known by their suicide attacks against Israel, also managing the Gaza de Gaza since 2007.
So these groups do more than just shooting out.
They're multiple.
They set up a complex machinery of communication, radio stations, TV channels -- Internet websites and strategies in social networks.
And here you have the IIDS magazine and printed in English and published to recruit it.
armed groups also invest in a complex fundraising of funds without sands, but by responsible businesses, for example, building companies.
These activities are key.
They allow these groups to increase their strength, increase their funds to grow better and build their brand.
armed groups also do something else: create stronger ties with their population investing in social services.
They build schools, they admit hospitals, they put professional manufacturing programs or microbial training programs.
Health offers all these services and more.
armed groups also try to conquer the population by offering something that the state doesn't consider, security and protection.
The ascent of Taliban in an Afghanistan declined by war or even the beginning of the ISIS promotion, can also understand the efforts of these groups to provide security.
Unfortunately, in these cases, security has an incredibly elevated price for the population.
But in general, providing social services means filling a vacuum, a gap left by the government, and allows these groups to strengthen and increase their power.
For example, the election victory in 2006 in Palestinian Hamas cannot understand without recognizing social work of the group.
It's a really complex stage, even in the West, when we look at the armed groups, we just think of the violent side.
But that's not enough to understand the strengths of these groups, the strategy or the long-term vision.
These groups are hybrid groups.
They grow because they fill down the government left by government, and they emerge as armed groups and political groups, they participate in violent struggle and they give governance.
And the more complex and sophisticated these organizations are less complex, we can get them out as something contrary to a state.
How do you call a group like Havino?
They take part of a territory -- they manage all their functions -- they collect the garbage system, they manage the sewer system.
Is it a state? Is it a rebel group?
Or maybe it's another thing, something new and different.
And what is ISA?
The lines are destroyed.
We live in a world of states, with no state and heart, and the more weak the states, as in the Middle East, the more they intervene and fill that gap the non-governmental actors.
This is important for governments, because to control these groups will have to invest more in military tools.
It has to be in the center of any sustainable approach.
This is very important to establish and consume peace.
If we understand the armed groups, we understand better what incentives to offer to foster the transition of violence to nonviolent violence.
In this new disaster between states and non-state actors, military power can win some battles, but we won't give us peace or stability.
In order to achieve these targets we need long-term investments to fill that security car, to fill that government vacuum that allowed these groups to thrive in a principle.
Thank you.
I'm a failure as a woman and a feminist.
My opinions about gender equality are very briefly, but let me accept the telephone tag of "Feminist would be unfair.
I'm a feminist but pretty bad.
And therefore I get stuck in a bad feminist as well.
Or at least I wrote an article and a book called "The Ballog Food," and then in the interviews, people started calling me the Malaria Feminist.
So what started as a personal joke.
Let me give you a step back.
When I was young, especially in my youth, and at the age of 20 years, I had strange ideas about the feminists, these little pedestrians, angry with men and hated sex. Like that was something bad.
Today, I see how women are treated around the world and anger, in particular, seems a perfectly reasonable answer.
But at the time, I was worried about the tone that I was using people when they insisted that it could be feminist.
Being labeled as a feminist was a account, a taboo and a nasty word.
I was labeled as a woman who doesn't follow the rules, who asked too much, with high self-esteem and dare to believe that it's equal or superior to a man.
Nobody wants to be that woman rebel, until it realizes that it's actually that woman and you can't imagine being another person.
Eventually, as I was growing up, I started to accept that I am, in fact, feminist and also proud of it.
For me, certain claims are irregable? Women are equal to men.
We deserve the same term for the same work.
We have right to travel around the world as we want, free of access or violence.
We have a right to use easily and accessible the contraceptives and reproductive services.
We have the right to decide about our bodies, no need for legislative control or evaluation machines.
We have the right to respect.
There's more.
When you talk about the needs of women, you have to realize our other identity.
We're not just women.
We're people with a different body, gender expression and religion and sexuality condition, social condition, skills and more.
We have to have these differences and how they affect us, the same way that matters what we have in common.
Without this kind of inclusion, our feminism is nothing.
For me, these truths are evidence, but to be clear, I'm a disaster.
I'm full of contradictions.
There are lots of things that make me a bad feminist of me.
I have another confession here.
When I lead to work, I listen to rap music to all volume.
Although the letter degraded women and offends me deeply, the classic Salam Shakespeare of the Yine Angel Twitter is incredible.
Make it reality with your loved t-shirt.
Purway, day, I move up until the copy drops."
Think about it.
Pursue poetry, right?
I'm completely engineered by my musical taste.
I firmly believe in the work of man, which is all I don't want to do, including --  -- all the domestic tasks -- but also killing insects -- garbage collected -- the care of the grass and the maintenance of machine.
I don't want to have anything to do with that.
The pink is my favorite color.
It enjoys fashion magazine and beautiful things.
I can look at "The Back and the romantic comedy -- and I have absurd fantasies of the fairy tales that are made true.
Some of my crime is more declared.
If a woman wants to adopt his husband, it's his choice, and I'm not who to judge it.
If a woman decides to stay home to raise their children, I accept that choice, too.
The problem is not that it becomes economically vulnerable through this same choice, the problem is that our society is confused so that makes women economically vulnerable when they choose women.
We solve this problem.
It rejection the conventional feminism that has ignored or destroyed historically the needs of color women, the workers, gay and transgendered women, and the women and the transitional women, and the headlines and middle class and high.
Listen, if that's good feminism I am a very bad feminist feminist.
It also happens the following: as a feminist, I feel a lot of pressure.
We have this tendency to put female feminist in a particular.
We hope that they get perfect to perfection.
When they tell us, we will take them with a lot of taste from the same population where we put them.
And as I said, I'm a disaster. I have a designer of that request before I try to put it there.
Too many women, particularly innovative and sector leaders are afraid of being tagged as feminists.
They are afraid to stand up and say, "Yes, I'm a feminist," for fear of what that tag means -- by fear to not be able to deal with a little bit of realistic expectations.
Let's take Bethare, or as I call it, the God.
Over the last few years it's a declared feminist feminist feminist feminist feminist feminist feminist feminist feminist feminist feminist feminist feminist feminist feminist feminist drug.
In the Australian Australia Andress Video of 2014, at MRI, acting in front of the word "for three feet tall.
It was a magnificent show, to see this star of the pop open open the feminist and make women know women and young men who will be feminist is something to be proud of it.
The time of time, the cultural critics started infrastructure if Benki was not exactly feminist or not.
They calculated their feminism instead of simply believing the word of an adult and mature woman.
We demand perfections of feminists, because we're still fighting for a lot of it, we want a lot -- we need so beautifully much.
We go much beyond the sensible and constructive critic to design the feminist of any woman -- destroying it until nothing left.
We don't need to do that.
The bad feminist -- or rather, a more inclusive feminist is the point of participation.
But what happens next?
We're going to have to recognize our imperfections.
If I hear a decrease music, I'm creating a demand for artists that would be more than happy by providing an unlimited supply.
These artists will not change their way to talk about women in their songs until we add the change to effectively affect their profit.
It certainly is hard.
Why do you have your music to be so performance?
It's hard to choose something better and so easy to justify a worse choice.
But when bad decisions are justify that makes it harder for women to achieve equality, the equality that we all deserve and is our responsibility.
I think of my niece, three and four years.
These are two magnificent girls and decided and brilliant, and also very brave. I want you to grow in a world.
Where you appreciate for the strong creatures that are.
I think about them, all of a sudden, the best choice is visited as something much easier to do.
We can all make better decisions.
We can change the channel when a television program is treating sexual violence against women as a sport, you see the Gang game.
We can change radio emissions when we hear songs that treat women as anything.
We can spend our money to go to cinema elsewhere when movies don't treat women more than a decorative objects.
We can stop supporting professional sports where the athletes treat their peers as a box shot.
In any case, the men, especially the white men, the heterosexual guys can say, "No, I'm not going to publish in your magazine, to participate in your project, or work with you, until it doesn't include an enough number of women, so much to participate to make decisions.
I'm not going to work with you until your advertising or your organization is more inclusive with a wider range of people."
Those of us who are underlying but invited to participate in these kinds of projects, we can also manage to be included until more like us are welcome to overcome the barriers to the decision making.
Since we're not lower people. Without these efforts, without adopting these positions, our accomplishments are going to mean very little.
We can make these little acts of courage and expect our decisions to get to the top, people in direct power and movie producers and music, CEO, the legislations, the people who can make great decisions, more brave to create a durable and meaningful change.
We can also claim our feminism -- well, bad, or whatever it is.
The last line of my book "Male Feminism," says, "I would rather be a bad feminist to not be at all.
This is true because of a lot of reasons, but I say that, especially because I love my voice I was stolen and the feminist helped me tell me.
There was an incident.
I call it an incident to address what happened.
A few kids were bent when I was very young, and I didn't know that kids can do this to a girl.
They were treated as if it was anything.
I started to believe that it was nothing.
They stole my voice, and after everything I didn't dare to believe I could say something that could matter.
But I was writing.
And I went back to writing.
I read in a stronger version of myself.
I read the words of those women who could understand a story like mine, and the women who looked like me and understood what it meant to live in this world if you have brown skin.
I read the words of women who showed me that it was nothing.
I learned how to write like them, and then I learned how to write like myself.
I found my voice again, and I started to believe that my voice is powerful beyond what you can measure.
Through the writing and feminist, I also discovered that if I was a little bit valuable, another woman could hear me and see me and realize that none of us is the nothing that the world tries to tell us we are.
In one hand, I have the power to achieve anything.
And on the other, I hold the humiliation reality that I'm just a woman.
I'm a bad feminist -- I'm a good woman, I'm trying to improve my thinking way -- what I say and what I do, without leaving everything that makes me human.
I hope we can all do the same thing.
I hope that we can all be a little bit value, when more you need to be a value.
Just after Christmas last year, 123 children in California had a shark for having visited Disney or to be exposed to someone who had been there.
The virus then went through the border with Canada, including over 100 children in So Soll.
One of the tragic things about this outbreak is that the measles that can be fatal for a child with a weakened immune system, is one of the most easily preventable diseases in the world.
There's an effective vaccine against this for more than half a century -- but many of the children involved in the Disney outbreak had not been vaccinated because their parents were afraid of something supposedly even worse.
But just a moment, was it not the article that was unleashed about autism and disappeared vaccines, and declined and made by being a failed fraud by the British Medical Journal Julie's British?
Does it don't believe most intelligent scientists that vaccines cause autism is a study?
I think most of you know, but millions of parents around the world continue to get vaccines to put in danger to their children to have autism.
Why?
Here's why.
This is a graph of the extinction of autism in time.
For most of the 20th century, autism was considered a very rare disease.
The few psychologists and pediatrician who had heard about it, they believed all their professional life without seeing a single case.
For decades, prevalence estimates continued to be stable just three or four children for every 10,000 kids.
But then, in the '90s, the numbers began to shoot up.
fundraising organizations like autism Spaces refer to regulating autism as an epidemic, as if I could get rid of another child in Disney.
What's going on?
If you're not vaccines, what is it?
If you ask people in the Stanford Disease Center what is going on, they tend to be based on phrases like "really striking diagnostic crisis," and a better case detection to explain these growing figures.
But that kind of language doesn't divide a lot of the fears of a young mother who looks at the face of his two years, the visual contact.
If the diagnostic criteria had to expand, why were they so reduced at the beginning?
Why were the cases of autism so hard to find before the 1990.
Five years ago, I decided to discover the answers to these questions.
I learned that what happened has less than seeing with the slow and cultural progress of science than with the sex power of storytelling.
For most of the 20th century, doctors told a story about what autism and how it was discovered, but that story turned out to be fake, and the consequences of the same are having a devastating impact in global public health.
There was a second more accurate story of autism that had lost and forgotten in the dark corners of clinical literature.
This second story tells us everything about how we get here and where we need to go.
The first story starts with a child psychiatrist, Leo Kanney, from the hospital John Hoburra Hospital, in 1944, Kanbanda published an article that describes 11 young patients who seemed to have private worlds by bringing people around them, even their own parents.
They could be fun for hours waving their hands before their faces, but they were press of the panic by mentors like when they didn't put their favorite toy in their usual place without knowing them.
On the basis of the patients treated in their clinic, Kanada speculated that autism is very rare.
By the 1950s, as the main authority of the world in the subject, declared that I had seen less than 150 real cases of their syndrome, while collecting reference of places as far as South Africa.
This is actually not strange, because the criteria of Kansan for autism diagnosis were very restrictive actually.
For example, I used to give that diagnosis to children with conversations, but now we know that epilepsy, is very common in autism.
He once realized that he had turned to nine from every 10 children sent by other doctors to her consumer for being autistic without giving them a diagnosis of autism.
Kanada was a smart man, but part of his theories were not accurate.
It classify autism as a form of child psychologists caused by cold, cold parents.
These kids, he said, have been carefully kept in a refrigerator.
At the same time, however, Kansan noticed that some of their young patients had special skills that are all about in certain areas like music, mathematics and memory.
One of the kids in their clinic could distinguish between 18 synapses before the two years.
When his mother put one of his favorite records and he said, "Beijing the present."
But Kanada had a bad opinion of these skills, by encouraging things like the kids were simply recording what they had heard of their parents, desperate for winning their performance.
As a result, autism became a source of shame for families, and two generations of autistic children were sent to institutions for their own well, becoming invisible for the world in general.
Amazingly, it wasn't until the 1970s, that researchers started testing the theory of Kansan that autism was weird.
London Wine, the cognitive psychologist of London, thought that the theory of the names of Kansan was pretty stupid.
She and his husband John was warm people and affected, and they had a deep autistic daughter called Susan.
Lorence and John knew how hard it was to raise a girl like Sulas without support services, without special education, and without access to other resources without a diagnosis.
To defend to the National Science Service, that they needed more resources for autistic children and their families, London and their colleague Judith Google decided to do something that should have done 30 years before.
They did a study of autism in the general population.
They penging a suburb from London called Cambridge to try to find the autistic kids in the community.
What they saw was clear that Kansan model was too limited, because the reality of autism was much more colorful and diverse.
Some kids couldn't talk at all, while others were rooted in their fascination for astronomy, in dinosaurs or the glucose of the reality.
In other ways, these kids didn't fit in beautiful squares and seats, as Judith said, and they saw a lot of them, much more than the monolithic model of Kansas would have predicted.
At first, they were lost for trying to make sense of their data.
How did no one have been perceived from these children before?
But then London found a reference to an article published in German in 1944, the next year to the introduction of Kansan, and then I forgot it, buried under the ashes of a terrible time that nobody wanted to remember.
Kanada knew about this article of competition, but he avoided sure to mention it in his own work.
There was not even a translation to the English, but luckily, the love of the Loren spoke German, and he translated it for her.
The document offers an alternative story of autism.
His author was a man called Hans Algripator, who led a clinic integrated with an integrated school in the 1930s.
The ideas of Apple for the teaching of children with learning differences were progressive even for contemporary standards.
The morning in their clinic started with music types, and kids followed their games on the afternoon.
Instead of blaming the parents of causing autism, Asperger's described as a political disability of life that required compassionate forms of support and spaces adapted during the course of life.
Instead of treating children in their clinic as patients, Alexander calls them their little teachers, and it was dedicated to help the development of methods of education that were especially suitable for them.
Finally, Asteroid saw autism as a diverse continuum that would take a staggering variety of donations and disability.
He believed that autism and autistic traits were common and they've always been, looking at aspects of this continued in known Archimedes in the pop culture as the awkward social scientist and the designed professor.
He was beyond even to say, that for success in science and art, a little bit of autism is essential.
Lord and Judy discovered that Kansan was wrong in which autism was infectious, just like the parents were the causes.
Over the next few years, they worked in silence with the American Association of Psychology to expand the criteria of diagnostics that would reflect the diversity of what they called authentic spectrum."
In the late '80s, and the early '90s, their changes came into version, suggesting the limited model of Kansan by one wide and inclusive and inclusive measure.
These changes didn't have broken back.
And specifically, when Lore and Judy worked between waste to reform these critics, people around the world see an autistic adult for the first time.
Before it would come out of "Rain Man in 1988, just a small circle, I knew what the autism was, but after the impossible act of Dune Homoseen as Rama Baby and the recognition of "Rando Man with four awards of the Academy -- parties, psychologists, teachers and parents around the world knew what autism was.
At the same time, the first easy clinical trials were introduced to use the autism.
I should no longer have a connection with that little spectrum of experts to achieve a diagnosis for his son.
The combination of "Rando Man changes the changes in the criteria and the introduction of these trials created a network effect, a perfect storm of the awareness of autism.
The number of diagnostics began to extend, just like Lebanon and Judy, actually hoped that it was, getting people with autism, and their families finally got the support and the services that they deserve.
So Andrew Walter came to blame vaccines by the divers in the diagnosis. A simple, powerful story and secret story as bad as the theory of Kansan that autism was infectious.
If the current estimate of the prevention center that one of 68 children in the United States are in the spectrum -- it's right, autism are one of the largest minority groups in the world.
Over the last few years, autistic people have joined on the Internet to reject the idea that they are the puzzles to solve by the new medical breakthroughs to celebrate the variety of human cognition.
One way to understand neuroscience is to think of terms of human operating systems.
The fact that a PC doesn't work with Windows, it doesn't mean it's broken.
According to autistic standards, the normal human brain is easily distributed, obviously social, and it suffers from an attention deficit to the details.
No doubt, autistic people have difficulty to live in a world not built for them.
70 years later, we're still getting to Algerian, who believed that the cure for the most compelling aspects of autism are in understanding teachers, empathy communities, support communities, and parents with faith in the potential of their children.
An autistic woman named Zimbard Zappaz once said, "We need all the hands in covered to deliver the ship of humanity.
As we navigate towards an uncertain future, we need all the forms of human intelligence on the planet to address the challenges we face as a society.
We can't afford to waste or a brain.
Thank you.
